Item 1A. Risk Factors section or in MD&A. Therefore, you are cautioned not to unduly rely on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities law. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ are identified below, as well as those discussed in the Item 1A. Risk Factors section and within MD&A. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The occurrence of any of the risks identified below, in the Item 1A. Risk Factors section, or within MD&A, or other risks currently unknown, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, or we may be required to increase our accruals for contingencies. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties: Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations, and Business Development: • the outcome of R&D activities, including the ability to meet anticipated pre-clinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, and/or regulatory approval and/or launch dates; the possibility of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, including the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data; risks associated with preliminary, early stage or interim data; the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities; and whether and when additional data from our pipeline programs will be published in scientific journal publications, and if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations; • our ability to successfully address comments received from regulatory authorities such as the FDA or the EMA, or obtain approval for new products and indications from regulators on a timely basis or at all; • regulatory decisions impacting labeling, including the scope of indicated patient populations, product dosage, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters, including decisions relating to emerging developments regarding potential product impurities; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain, and the scope of, recommendations by technical or advisory committees, and the timing of, and ability to obtain, pricing approvals and product launches, all of which could impact the availability or commercial potential of our products and product candidates; • claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety or efficacy of in-line products and product candidates, including claims and concerns that may arise from the outcome of post-approval clinical trials, which could impact marketing approval, product labeling, and/or availability or commercial potential; Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 1 • the success and impact of external business development activities, such as the recent acquisition of Seagen, including the ability to identify and execute on potential business development opportunities; the ability to satisfy the conditions to closing of announced transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of any such transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the potential need for and impact of additional equity or debt financing to pursue these opportunities, which has in the past and could in the future result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings and could limit our ability to obtain future financing; challenges integrating the businesses and operations; disruption to business and operations relationships; risks related to growing revenues for certain acquired or partnered products; significant transaction costs; and unknown liabilities; • competition, including from new product entrants, in-line branded products, generic products, private label products, biosimilars and product candidates that treat or prevent diseases and conditions similar to those treated or intended to be prevented by our in-line products and product candidates; • the ability to successfully market both new and existing products, including biosimilars; • difficulties or delays in manufacturing, sales or marketing; supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on; and legal or regulatory actions; • the impact of public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics (such as COVID-19) on our business, operations and financial condition and results, including impacts on our employees, manufacturing, supply chain, sales and marketing, R&D and clinical trials; • risks and uncertainties related to our efforts to continue to develop and commercialize Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines, treatments or combinations, as well as challenges related to their manufacturing, supply and distribution, including, among others, the risk that as the market for COVID-19 products continues to become more endemic and seasonal, demand for our COVID-19 products has and may continue to be reduced or not meet expectations, or may no longer exist, which has and may continue to lead to reduced revenues, excess inventory on-hand and/or in the channel which, for Paxlovid and Comirnaty, resulted in significant inventory write-offs in 2023 and could continue to result in inventory write-offs, or other unanticipated charges; challenges related to the transition to the commercial market for our COVID-19 products; uncertainties related to the public’s adherence to vaccines, boosters, treatments or combinations; and risks related to our ability to accurately predict or achieve our revenue forecasts for Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines or treatments; • trends toward managed care and healthcare cost containment, and our ability to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or favorable formulary placement for our products; • interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the impact of currency devaluations and monetary policy actions in countries experiencing high inflation or deflation rates; • any significant issues involving our largest wholesale distributors or government customers, which account for a substantial portion of our revenues; • the impact of the increased presence of counterfeit medicines, vaccines or other products in the pharmaceutical supply chain; • any significant issues related to the outsourcing of certain operational and staff functions to third parties; • any significant issues related to our JVs and other third-party business arrangements, including modifications related to supply agreements or other contracts with customers including governments or other payors; • uncertainties related to general economic, political, business, industry, regulatory and market conditions including, without limitation, uncertainties related to the impact on us, our customers, suppliers and lenders and counterparties to our foreign-exchange and interest-rate agreements of challenging global economic conditions, such as inflation or interest rate fluctuations, and recent and possible future changes in global financial markets; • the exposure of our operations globally to possible capital and exchange controls, economic conditions, expropriation, sanctions and/or other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, unstable governments and legal systems and inter-governmental disputes; • the impact of disruptions related to climate change and natural disasters, including uncertainties related to the impact of the tornado at our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC in 2023; • any changes in business, political and economic conditions due to actual or threatened terrorist activity, geopolitical instability, political or civil unrest or military action, including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and the resulting economic or other consequences; • the impact of product recalls, withdrawals and other unusual items, including uncertainties related to regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, including our ongoing evaluation of our product portfolio for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines; • trade buying patterns; • the risk of an impairment charge related to our intangible assets, goodwill or equity-method investments; • the impact of, and risks and uncertainties related to, restructurings and internal reorganizations, as well as any other corporate strategic initiatives and growth strategies, and cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, each of which requires upfront costs but may fail to yield anticipated benefits and may result in unexpected costs, organizational disruption, adverse effects on employee morale, retention issues or other unintended consequences; • the ability to successfully achieve our climate goals and progress our environmental sustainability and other ESG priorities; Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings : • the impact of any U.S. healthcare reform or legislation or any significant spending reduction or cost control efforts affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs, including the IRA, or changes in the tax treatment of employer-sponsored health insurance that may be implemented; • U.S. federal or state legislation or regulatory action and/or policy efforts affecting, among other things, pharmaceutical product pricing, intellectual property, reimbursement or access or restrictions on U.S. direct-to-consumer advertising; limitations on Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 2 interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders; as well as pricing pressures for our products as a result of highly competitive biopharmaceutical markets; • legislation or regulatory action in markets outside of the U.S., such as China or Europe, including, without limitation, laws related to pharmaceutical product pricing, intellectual property, medical regulation, environmental protections, reimbursement or access, including, in particular, continued government-mandated reductions in prices and access restrictions for certain biopharmaceutical products to control costs in those markets; • legal defense costs, insurance expenses, settlement costs and contingencies, including without limitation, those related to actual or alleged environmental contamination; • the risk and impact of an adverse decision or settlement and risk related to the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings; • the risk and impact of tax related litigation and investigations; • governmental laws and regulations affecting our operations, including, without limitation, the IRA, changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, changes in tax laws and regulations internationally and in the U.S., the adoption of global minimum taxation requirements outside the U.S. generally effective in most jurisdictions since January 1, 2024 and potential changes to existing tax law by the current U.S. Presidential administration and Congress, including the proposed “Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act of 2024”; Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Technology and Security: • any significant breakdown or interruption of our IT systems and infrastructure (including cloud services); • any business disruption, theft of confidential or proprietary information, security threats on facilities or infrastructure, extortion or integrity compromise resulting from a cyber-attack or other malfeasance by, but not limited to, nation states, employees, business partners or others; • risks and challenges related to the use of artificial intelligence-based software; • the risk that our currently pending or future patent applications may not be granted on a timely basis or at all, or any patent-term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all; and • risks to our products, patents and other intellectual property, such as: (i) claims of invalidity that could result in LOE; (ii) claims of patent infringement, including asserted and/or unasserted intellectual property claims; (iii) claims we may assert against intellectual property rights held by third parties; (iv) challenges faced by our collaboration or licensing partners to the validity of their patent rights; or (v) any pressure, or legal or regulatory action by, various stakeholders or governments that could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property rights related to our products, including Comirnaty and Paxlovid. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS ABOUT PFIZER Pfizer Inc. is a research-based, global biopharmaceutical company. We apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives through the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide. We work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. We collaborate with healthcare providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable healthcare around the world. The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 2, 1942. Most of our revenues come from the manufacture and sale of biopharmaceutical products. We also sell products for the detection of certain illnesses and provide end-to-end R&D services to select innovative biotech companies. We believe that our medicines and vaccines provide significant value for healthcare providers and patients through improved treatment of diseases and improvements in health, wellness and productivity as well as by reducing other healthcare costs, such as emergency room visits or hospitalizations. We seek to enhance the value of our medicines and vaccines and actively engage in dialogues about how we can best work with patients, physicians and payors to prevent and treat disease and improve outcomes. We seek to maximize patient access and evaluate our pricing arrangements and contracting methods with payors to minimize adverse impact on our revenues within the current legal and pricing structures. We are committed to fulfilling our purpose: Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives . Our purpose fuels everything we do and reflects both our passion for science and our commitment to patients. Our core business principles are: 1. Trust is Everything 2. Science Will Win 3. Disruption Calls for Innovation 4. Time is Life 5. Execution Makes the Difference. In addition, Pfizer’s ESG strategy, which is integrated into our corporate strategy, focuses on six areas where we see opportunities to create a meaningful impact: product innovation; equitable access and pricing; product quality and safety; diversity, equity and inclusion; climate change; and business ethics. We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various business development activities. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 3 capabilities. We assess our business, assets and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will help advance our business strategy. On December 14, 2023, we completed our acquisition of Seagen, a global biotechnology company that discovers, develops and commercializes transformative cancer medicines. With the addition of Seagen’s pipeline and its four in-line medicines (Padcev, Adcetris, Tukysa and Tivdak), Pfizer’s oncology portfolio spans multiple modalities, including ADCs, small molecules, bispecifics and other immunotherapies. In addition to the acquisition of Seagen, our significant recent business development activities in 2023 include, among others, the September 2023 divestiture of our early-stage rare disease gene therapy portfolio to Alexion. For a further discussion of our strategy and our business development initiatives, see the Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook section within MD&A and Note 2 . COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS In 2023, we managed our commercial operations through a global structure consisting of two operating segments, each led by a single manager: Biopharma, our innovative science-based biopharmaceutical business, and Business Innovation, an operating segment established in the first quarter of 2023 that includes PC1, our contract development and manufacturing organization and a leading supplier of specialty active pharmaceutical ingredients, and Pfizer Ignite, an offering that provides strategic guidance and end-to-end R&D services to select innovative biotech companies that align with our R&D focus areas. In 2023, Biopharma was the only reportable segment. The commercial structure within Biopharma included three broad customer groups in 2023: Primary Care, Specialty Care and Oncology. At the beginning of 2024, we made changes in our commercial organization to incorporate Seagen and improve focus, speed and execution. Specifically, within our Biopharma reportable segment we created the Pfizer Oncology Division, the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division, and the Pfizer International Commercial Division: Division Description Pfizer Oncology Division Combines the U.S. Oncology commercial organizations, global Oncology marketing organizations and global and U.S. Oncology medical affairs from both Pfizer and Seagen. Includes innovative oncology product portfolio of ADCs, small molecules, bispecifics and other immunotherapies that treat a wide range of cancers including certain types of breast cancer, genitourinary cancer and hematologic malignancies, as well as certain types of melanoma, gastrointestinal, gynecological and thoracic cancers, which includes lung cancer. Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division Includes the U.S. Primary Care and U.S. Specialty Care customer groups, the Chief Marketing Office, the Global Chief Medical Affairs Office and Global Access & Value. U.S. Primary Care includes: • Internal medicine product portfolio of brands in cardiovascular metabolic, bone graft for spinal fusion and women’s health, as well as post-LOE brands. • Migraine product portfolio. • Vaccines product portfolio across all ages with a pipeline focus on infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need, including COVID-19. • Treatment for COVID-19. • Products for detection of COVID-19 and influenza. U.S. Specialty Care includes: • Inflammation & immunology product portfolio of brands and biosimilars for chronic immune and inflammatory diseases. • Rare disease product portfolio of brands for a number of therapeutic areas with rare diseases, including amyloidosis, hemophilia, endocrine diseases and sickle cell disease. • Hospital product portfolio of sterile injectable and immunoglobulin medicines. Pfizer International Commercial Division Includes the ex-U.S. commercial and medical affairs organizations covering Pfizer’s entire product portfolio in all international markets. Select products within Oncology, Primary Care and Specialty Care include: • Oncology: Ibrance, Xtandi, Inlyta, Bosulif, Lorbrena, Braftovi, Mektovi, Padcev, Adcetris, Talzenna, Tukysa, Elrexfio and Tivdak • Primary Care: ◦ Internal medicine : Eliquis, the Premarin family and BMP2 ◦ Migraine : Nurtec ODT/Vydura and Zavzpret ◦ Vaccines : Comirnaty, the Prevnar family, Abrysvo, FSME/IMMUN-TicoVac, Nimenrix and Trumenba ◦ Treatment for COVID-19 : Paxlovid ◦ Detection of COVID-19 and influenza : Lucira by Pfizer • Specialty Care: ◦ Inflammation & immunology : Xeljanz, Enbrel (outside the U.S. and Canada), Inflectra, Cibinqo, Litfulo and Velsipity ◦ Rare disease : the Vyndaqel family, Genotropin, BeneFIX, Oxbryta, Somavert and Ngenla ◦ Hospital : Sulperazon, Zavicefta, Zithromax, Medrol and Panzyga For additional information on our operating segments and products, including product revenues, see Note 17 , and for additional information on the key operational revenue drivers of our business, see the Analysis of the Consolidated Statements of Income section within MD&A. For a discussion of the risks associated with our dependence on certain of our major products, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors—Concentration section. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT R&D is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients’ lives as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the medicines and vaccines that may be the most impactful for patients. In addition to discovering and developing new products, our R&D efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their safety, efficacy and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 4 Our R&D Priorities and Strategy. Our R&D priorities include: • delivering a pipeline of highly differentiated medicines and vaccines where we have a unique opportunity to bring the most important new therapies to patients in need; • advancing our capabilities that can position us for long-term R&D leadership; and • advancing new models for partnerships with creativity, flexibility and urgency to deliver innovation to patients as quickly as possible. To that end, our R&D primarily focuses on our main therapeutic areas, which are inflammation and immunology, internal medicine, oncology, rare diseases, vaccines, and anti-infectives. While a significant portion of our R&D is internal, we also seek promising chemical and biological lead molecules and innovative technologies developed by others to incorporate into our discovery and development processes or projects, as well as our portfolio. We do so by entering into collaboration, alliance and license agreements with universities, biotechnology companies and other firms as well as through acquisitions and investments. These collaboration, alliance and license agreements and investments allow us to share knowledge, risk and cost. They also enable us to access external scientific and technological expertise, as well as provide us the opportunity to advance our own products and in-licensed or acquired products. For information on certain of these collaborations, alliances and license arrangements and investments, see Note 2 . Our R&D Operations. In 2023, we continued to strengthen our global R&D operations and pursue strategies to improve R&D productivity to achieve a sustainable pipeline that is positioned to deliver value in the near term and over time . Our R&D activity is conducted through various platform functions that support our global operations. Beginning in July 2023, in consideration of planned future investments in oncology, including the December 2023 acquisition of Seagen, we reorganized our R&D platform operations. Discovery to late-phase clinical development for oncology is performed by a new end-to-end Oncology Research and Development (ORD) organization and discovery to late-phase clinical development for all remaining therapeutic areas is consolidated into the end-to-end Pfizer Research and Development (PRD) organization. ORD and PRD replace our former WRDM and GPD organizations, where, prior to July 2023, research units within WRDM were generally responsible for research and early-stage development assets and, prior to July 2023, GPD was generally responsible for the clinical development strategy and operational execution of clinical trials for both early- and late-stage clinical assets in Pfizer’s pipeline. In 2023, Biopharma received R&D services from ORD, PRD and the predecessor WRDM and GPD organizations. These services included IPR&D projects for new investigational products and additional indications for in-line products. We manage R&D operations on a total-company basis through our PRD and ORD organizations described above. Specifically, the Portfolio Management Team, currently led by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and composed of other senior executives, is accountable for aligning resources across PRD and ORD, and for helping to ensure optimal capital allocation across the innovative R&D portfolio. We believe that this approach also serves to maximize accountability and flexibility. We do not disaggregate total R&D expense by development phase or by therapeutic area since, as described above, we do not manage all of our R&D operations by development phase or by therapeutic area. Further, as we are able to adjust a significant portion of our spending quickly, we believe that any prior-period information about R&D expense by development phase or by therapeutic area would not necessarily be representative of future spending. For additional information on our R&D operations, including R&D related costs and expenses, see the Costs and Expenses — Research and Development Expenses section within MD&A and Note 17 . Our R&D Pipeline. The process of drug and biological product discovery from initiation through development and to potential regulatory approval is lengthy and can take more than ten years. As of January 30, 2024, we had the following number of projects in various stages of R&D: Development of a single compound is often pursued as part of multiple programs. While our product candidates may or may not receive regulatory approval, new candidates entering clinical development phases are the foundation for future products. Information concerning several of our drug and vaccine candidates in development, as well as supplemental filings for existing products, is set forth in the Product Developments section within MD&A. The discovery and development of drugs, vaccines and biological products are time consuming, costly and unpredictable. For information on the risks associated with R&D, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors—Research and Development section. COLLABORATION AND CO-PROMOTION AGREEMENTS We use collaboration and/or co-promotion arrangements to enhance our development, R&D, sales and distribution of certain biopharmaceutical products, which include, among others, the following: • Comirnaty is an mRNA-based coronavirus vaccine to help prevent COVID-19, which is being jointly developed and commercialized with BioNTech. Pfizer and BioNTech equally share the costs of development for the Comirnaty program. Comirnaty has been granted an approval or an authorization in many countries around the world in populations varying by country. We also share gross profits equally from commercialization of Comirnaty and are working jointly with BioNTech in our respective territories to commercialize the vaccine worldwide (excluding China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), subject to regulatory authorizations or approvals market by market. For discussion on Comirnaty, see the Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook—COVID-19 section within MD&A. • Eliquis (apixaban) is part of the Novel Oral Anticoagulant market and was jointly developed and commercialized with BMS as an alternative treatment option to warfarin in appropriate patients. We fund between 50% and 60% of all development costs depending on the study, and profits and losses are shared equally except in certain countries where we commercialize Eliquis and pay a percentage of net sales to BMS. In Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 5 certain smaller markets we have full commercialization rights and BMS supplies the product to us at cost plus a percentage of the net sales to end-customers. • Xtandi (enzalutamide) is an androgen receptor inhibitor that blocks multiple steps in the androgen receptor signaling pathway within tumor cells that is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with Astellas. We share equally in the gross profits and losses related to U.S. net sales and also share equally all Xtandi commercialization costs attributable to the U.S. market, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, we share certain development and other collaboration expenses. For international net sales we receive royalties based on a tiered percentage. • Orgovyx (relugolix) is an oral gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptor antagonist for the treatment of adult patients with advanced prostate cancer that is being developed and commercialized with SMPA. The companies are also collaborating on Myfembree (relugolix 40 mg, estradiol 1.0 mg, and norethindrone acetate 0.5 mg) for heavy menstrual bleeding associated with uterine fibroids in premenopausal women and the management of moderate to severe pain associated with endometriosis in premenopausal women. The companies equally share profits and allowable expenses in the U.S. for Orgovyx, and in the U.S. and Canada for Myfembree. Pfizer does not have rights outside of these markets. SMPA remains responsible for regulatory interactions and drug supply and continues to lead clinical development for the relugolix combination tablet. • Padcev (enfortumab vedotin-ejfv) is a first-in-class ADC that is directed to Nectin-4, a protein located on the surface of cells and highly expressed in bladder cancer, that is being co-developed and jointly commercialized with Astellas. In the U.S., Padcev has been approved for use with Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer. Other approvals and indications for Padcev vary by market. In the U.S., the companies jointly promote, and we record net sales and are responsible for all U.S. distribution activities for Padcev. The companies each bear the costs of their own sales organizations in the U.S., and equally share certain other costs associated with commercializing and any profits realized in the U.S. for Padcev. Outside the U.S., we have commercialization rights in all countries in North and South America, and Astellas has commercialization rights in the rest of the world. The agreement between us and Astellas provides that the companies will effectively equally share in profits realized in markets outside of the U.S. through: (i) a costs-incurred and profit-sharing mechanism based on product sales and costs of commercialization in certain markets and (ii) a royalty-payment mechanism intended to approximate an equal profit share for both parties in the remaining markets. In addition, we have collaboration and/or co-promotion arrangements with respect to certain other biopharmaceutical products, including Adcetris and Tivdak as a result of our acquisition of Seagen. Revenues associated with these arrangements are included in Alliance revenues (except in certain markets where we have direct sales and except for the majority of revenues for Comirnaty and Padcev, which are included in Product revenues ). In addition, we have collaboration arrangements for the development and commercialization of certain pipeline products that are in development stage, including, among others certain of those described in the Product Development s section within MD&A. For further discussion of collaboration and co-promotion agreements, see the Item 1. Business—Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights section , the Item 1A. Risk Factors—Collaborations and Other Relationships with Third Parties section and Notes 2 and 17 . INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS Our operations are conducted globally, and we supply our medicines and vaccines to approximately 200 countries and territories. Emerging markets are an important component of our strategy for global leadership, and our commercial structure recognizes that the demographics and rising economic power of the fastest-growing emerging markets are becoming more closely aligned with the profile found within developed markets. Urbanization and the rise of the middle class in emerging markets provide potential growth opportunities for our products. Revenues from operations outside the U.S. of $31.4 billion accounted for 54% of Total revenues in 2023. Revenues exceeded $500 million in each of 14, 24 and 21 countries outside the U.S. in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in the number of countries exceeding $500 million in revenues from 2022 to 2023 was primarily driven by decreases in revenues related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid. As a percentage of Total revenues , our largest country outside the U.S. was Japan in 2023. For a geographic breakdown of Total revenues , see the Total Revenues by Geography section within MD&A and Note 17B . Our international operations are subject to risks inherent in carrying on business in other countries. See the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Global Operations and Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Price Constraints sections. SALES AND MARKETING Our prescription biopharmaceutical products, with the exception of Paxlovid in 2022 and 2023, are sold principally to wholesalers, but we also sell directly to retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies and pharmacies. In 2022 and 2023, we principally sold Paxlovid globally to government agencies. Our vaccines in the U.S. are primarily sold directly to the federal government (including the CDC), wholesalers, individual provider offices, retail pharmacies and integrated delivery systems. Our vaccines outside the U.S. are primarily sold to government and non-government institutions. Certain of these government contracts may be renegotiated or terminated at the discretion of a government entity. Our Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 6 contracts with government and supranational organizations for the sales of Comirnaty and Paxlovid, which are binding contracts, represented a significant amount of revenues in 2022 and 2023. Sales of Comirnaty and Paxlovid in the U.S. transitioned to commercial channels in the second half of 2023. For information on our October 2023 amended agreement with the U.S. government regarding Paxlovid, see Note 17C . We also seek to gain access for our products on formularies, which are lists of approved medicines available to members of healthcare programs or PBMs. PBMs use various benefit designs, such as tiered co-pays for formulary products, to drive utilization of products in preferred formulary positions. We may also work with payors on disease management programs that help to develop tools and materials to educate patients and physicians on key disease areas. For information on our significant customers, see Note 17C . We promote our products to healthcare providers and patients consistent with applicable laws. Through our marketing organizations, we explain the approved uses, benefits and risks of our products to healthcare providers and patients; MCOs that provide insurance coverage, such as hospitals, integrated delivery systems, PBMs and health plans; and employers and government agencies who hire MCOs to provide health benefits to their employees. In the U.S., we market directly to consumers through direct-to-consumer advertising that seeks to communicate the approved uses, benefits and risks of our products while motivating people to have meaningful conversations with their doctors. In addition, we sponsor general advertising to educate the public on disease awareness, prevention and wellness, important public health issues and our patient assistance programs. As part of our commitment to engaging our customers in a manner they prefer, we take an omnichannel approach, including both virtual and in person interactions, and see generally positive customer response to both approaches. PATENTS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS Patents . We own or have co-promotion and/or license rights related to a number of patents covering pharmaceutical and other products, their uses, formulations, and product manufacturing processes. Patents for individual products extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The scope of protection afforded by a patent can vary from country to country and depends on the patent type, the scope of its patent claims and the availability of legal remedies. Patent term extensions (PTE) may be available in some countries to compensate for a loss of patent term due to delay in a product’s approval due to the regulatory requirements, while patent term adjustment may be available in some countries to compensate for administrative delays during prosecution of patents. One of the primary considerations in limiting our operations in some countries outside the U.S. is the lack of effective intellectual property protection for our products, although international and U.S. free trade agreements have included some global protection of intellectual property rights. See the Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Price Constraints section. In various markets, a period of regulatory exclusivity may be provided for drugs or vaccines upon approval. The scope and term of such exclusivity will vary but, in general, the period will run concurrently with the term of any existing patent rights associated with the drug at the time of approval. Based on current sales and other factors, and considering the competition with products sold by our competitors, the patent rights we consider most significant in relation to our business as a whole, together with the year in which the basic product patent expires, are as follows: Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 7 Product U.S. Basic Product Patent Expiration Year (1) Major Europe Basic Product Patent Expiration Year (1) Japan Basic Product Patent Expiration Year (1) Inlyta 2025 2025 2025 Xeljanz 2025 2028 (2) 2025 Prevnar 13/Prevenar 13 2026 (3) 2029 Eliquis 2026 (4) 2026 (5) 2026 Ibrance 2027 2028 2028 Xtandi (6) 2027 (6) (6) Vyndaqel/Vyndamax/Vynmac 2024 (7) (2028 pending PTE) 2026 2026/2029 (8) Adcetris (9) 2024 (10) (9) (9) Nurtec ODT/Vydura 2030                                      (2034 pending PTE) 2035 2030 (11) Braftovi (12) 2030                                     (2031 pending PTE) (12) (12) Mektovi (12) 2031 (13) (12) (12) Talzenna 2029 (2032 pending PTE) 2034 2029 Oxbryta 2033 2037 2032 (11) Lorbrena 2033 2034 2036 Padcev (14) 2033 (15) (14) (14) Tukysa (16) 2031 (2034 pending PTE) 2031 2026 (11) Zavzpret 2031 (2034 pending PTE) 2031 (11) 2031 (11) Velsipity 2029 (2034 pending PTE) 2029 2029 (11) Prevnar 20/Apexxnar 2033                                     (2035 pending PTE) 2033                                      (2037 pending SPC) 2033 (11) Ngenla (17) 2035 (2) 2032 (2) 2030 (2) Cibinqo 2034 (2036 pending PTE) 2036 2038 Tivdak (18) 2033 (19) 2031 (11) (18) Litfulo 2034 (2037 pending PTE) 2034 (2038 pending SPC) 2034 (2039 pending PTE) Abrysvo 2036 (2037 pending PTE) (22) 2036 Elrexfio 2036 (2037 pending PTE) 2036 2036 (11) Penbraya 2038 2038 (11) 2038 (11) COVID-19 Products Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (20) 2041 (21)(23) (22) Paxlovid 2041 2041 2041 Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, Bivalent (Original and Omicron BA.4/BA.5)/ Comirnaty Original/Omicron BA.1 Vaccine (20) (22) (22)(23) (22) XBB.1.5-Adapted Monovalent COVID-19 vaccine (20) (22) (22)(23) (22) (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the years pertain to the basic product patent expiration, including granted PTEs, supplementary protection certificates (SPC) or pediatric exclusivity periods. SPCs are included when granted in three out of five major European markets (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the U.K.). Noted in parentheses is the projected year of expiry of the earliest pending patent term extension in the U.S. or Japan and/or SPC application in Europe, the term of which, if granted, may be shorter than originally requested due to a number of factors. In some instances, there are later-expiring patents relating to our products which may or may not protect our product from generic or biosimilar competition after the expiration of the basic patent. (2) Expiry is provided by regulatory exclusivity in this market. (3) The Europe patent that covers the combination of the 13 serotype conjugates of Prevenar 13 was revoked following an opposition and has now been withdrawn. There are other Europe patents and pending applications covering the formulation, various aspects of the manufacturing process, and the combination of serotype conjugates of Prevenar 13 that remain in force. (4) Eliquis was developed and is being commercialized in collaboration with BMS. In the U.S., we and BMS previously settled certain patent litigations with a number of generic companies permitting their launch of a generic version of Eliquis on April 1, 2028 (the settled generic companies). We continued to litigate against three Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 8 remaining generic companies and following the resolution of the litigation in our favor, the three generic companies are not permitted to launch their products until the 2031 expiration date of the formulation patent. Both the composition of matter patent expiring in November 2026 and the formulation patent expiring in 2031 may be subject to future challenges. While we cannot predict the outcome of any potential future litigation, there are certain potential alternatives that might occur which could potentially permit generic launch prior to April 1, 2028: (i) if the formulation patent is held invalid or not infringed in future litigation, through appeal, the settled generic companies and any successful future litigant would be permitted to launch on November 21, 2026; or (ii) if both patents are held invalid or not infringed in future litigation, through appeal, the settled generic companies and any successful future litigant could launch products immediately upon such an adverse decision. Refer to Note 16A1 for more information. (5) On October 31, 2023, the U.K. Supreme Court refused BMS’s permission to appeal in relation to the judgment having found the apixaban basic product patent and associated SPC invalid. Additional challenges are pending in other jurisdictions. (6) Xtandi is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with Astellas, which has exclusive commercialization rights for Xtandi outside the U.S. Pfizer receives tiered royalties as a percentage of international Xtandi net sales. (7) Interim patent term extension requests have been granted extending the expiry from December 2023 to December 2024 and Pfizer has filed applications for patent term extension to 2028. (8) Vyndaqel (tafamidis meglumine) basic patent expiry in Japan is August 2026 for treatment of polyneuropathy. Vynmac (tafamidis) was approved in Japan for treatment of cardiomyopathy with regulatory exclusivity expiring in March 2029. (9) Adcetris is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with Takeda. Pfizer has commercialization rights for Adcetris in the U.S. and its territories and in Canada. Takeda has commercialization rights in the rest of the world and pays Pfizer a royalty based on a percentage of Takeda's net sales of Adcetris in its licensed territories, based on annual net sales tiers. (10) There are other U.S. patents covering related ADC uses, technology and manufacturing that remain in force beyond composition of matter expiry. (11) Product not yet approved or authorized in this market. (12) We have exclusive rights to Braftovi and Mektovi in the U.S., Canada and certain emerging markets. The Pierre Fabre Group has exclusive rights to commercialize both products in Europe and Ono has exclusive rights to commercialize both products in Japan. We receive royalties from The Pierre Fabre Group and Ono on sales of Braftovi and Mektovi in a majority of markets outside the U.S. (13) Mektovi U.S. expiry is provided by a method of use patent. (14) Padcev is being commercialized in collaboration with Astellas. Pfizer has co-promotion rights in the U.S. Outside the U.S., Pfizer has commercialization rights in all countries in North and South America, and Astellas has commercialization rights in the rest of the world, including Europe, Asia, Australia and Africa. (15) There is a U.S. patent covering related ADC manufacturing that will remain in force beyond the composition of matter expiry. (16) In September 2020, Seagen and Merck began a collaboration to commercialize Tukysa. As of December 31, 2023, this collaboration ended and all commercialization rights were returned to Seagen (Pfizer). (17) Ngenla is being developed in collaboration with OPKO. (18) Tivdak is developed and commercialized in collaboration with Genmab. Pfizer and Genmab have co-promotion rights in the U.S. Outside the U.S., Pfizer has commercialization rights in the rest of the world except for Japan, where Genmab has commercialization rights, and certain territories where Zai Lab Limited (Zai Lab) has commercialization rights (mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan). Pfizer and Genmab equally share all costs and profits for Tivdak in the U.S., Europe, China (including the payments from Zai Lab described below) and Japan. In markets outside the U.S. other than Europe, China, and Japan, Pfizer will pay Genmab a royalty based on a percentage of aggregate net sales. Further, pursuant to the agreement with Zai Lab, Pfizer is entitled to receive potential development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments, and tiered royalties on net sales of Tivdak in the Zai Lab territories, which will be shared equally with Genmab. (19) Expiry is provided by regulatory exclusivity in this market. In addition to regulatory exclusivity, there are U.S. patents covering related ADC manufacturing and technology that remain in force beyond the regulatory exclusivity expiry. (20) Product is being commercialized in collaboration with BioNTech. (21) The basic product patent has been granted in the U.K. and expires in 2041. In the other major markets, a patent application has been filed. If granted, a full term is expected. (22) The basic product patent application has been filed in this market. If granted, a full term is expected in this market. (23) Pfizer does not have co-promotion rights for this product in Germany. For information regarding profit sharing and royalty arrangements for certain of these products, see Item 1. Business—Collaboration and Co-Promotion Agreements . Loss of Intellectual Property Rights. The loss, expiration or invalidation of intellectual property rights, patent litigation settlements and judgments and the expiration of co-promotion and licensing rights can have a material adverse effect on our revenues. Once patent protection has expired or has been lost prior to the expiration date as a result of a legal challenge, we typically lose exclusivity on these products, and generic and biosimilar pharmaceutical manufacturers generally produce identical or highly similar products and sell them for a lower price. The date at which generic or biosimilar competition commences may be different from the date that the patent or regulatory exclusivity expires. However, when generic or biosimilar competition does commence, the resulting price competition can substantially decrease our revenues for the impacted products, often in a very short period of time. Also, if one of our product-related patents is found to be invalid by judicial, court or regulatory or administrative proceedings, generic or biosimilar products could be introduced, resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. Additionally, we could be subject to claims that our intellectual property rights infringe third party patents. Certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face increased generic competition over the next few years. While additional patent expiries will continue, we expect a moderate impact of reduced revenues due to patent expiries from 2024 through 2025. We anticipate a more significant impact of reduced revenues from patent expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience patent-based expirations. There is no assurance that a particular product will maintain market exclusivity for the full time period that appears in the estimates included in this Form 10-K or that we assume when we provide our financial guidance. For additional information on the impact of LOEs on our revenues, see the Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook—Our 2023 Performance section within MD&A. We continue to vigorously defend our patent rights against infringement, and we will continue to support efforts that strengthen worldwide recognition of patent rights while taking necessary steps to help ensure appropriate patient access. See the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Competitive Products, — Intellectual Property Protection and — Third-Party Intellectual Property Claims sections and Note 16A1 . Trademarks . Our products are sold under brand-name and logo trademarks and trade dress. Registrations generally are for fixed, but renewable, terms and protection is provided in some countries for as long as the mark is used while in others, for as long as it is registered. Protecting our trademarks is of material importance to us. Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 9 COMPETITION Our business is conducted in intensely competitive and highly regulated markets. Many of our products face competition in the form of branded or generic drugs or biosimilars that treat similar diseases or indications. The principal forms of competition include efficacy, safety, ease of use and cost. Though the means of competition vary among our products, demonstrating the value of our products is a critical factor for success. We compete with other companies that manufacture and sell products that treat or prevent diseases or indications similar to those treated or prevented by our major products. These competitors include other worldwide research-based biopharmaceutical companies, smaller research companies with more limited therapeutic focus and generic drug and biosimilar manufacturers. Our competitors also may devote substantial funds and resources to R&D and their successful R&D could result in erosion of the sales of our existing products and potential sales of our products in development, as well as product obsolescence. In addition, several of our competitors operate without large R&D expenses and make a regular practice of challenging our product patents before their expiration. To help address competitive trends we continually emphasize innovation, which is underscored by our multi-billion-dollar investment in R&D, as well as our business development transactions, both designed to result in a strong and differentiated product pipeline. Our investment in research continues even after drug or vaccine approval as we seek to further demonstrate the value of our products for the conditions they treat or prevent, as well as investigating potential new applications. We educate patients, physicians, payors and global health authorities on the benefits and risks of our medicines and vaccines, and seek to continually enhance the organizational effectiveness of our biopharmaceutical functions, including our efforts to effectively launch and market our products to our customers. Operating conditions have also shifted as a result of increased global competitive pressures, industry regulation and cost containment. We continue to evaluate, adapt and improve our organization and business practices in an effort to better meet customer and public needs. We believe that we have taken an industry-leading role in evolving our ethical approaches to U.S. direct-to-consumer advertising, interactions with, and payments to, healthcare professionals and medical education grants. We also continue to support programs to address patient affordability and access barriers, as we strive to advance fundamental health system change through our support for better healthcare solutions. For example, in May 2022, we launched An Accord for a Healthier World, which aims to provide our full portfolio of patented and off-patent medicines and vaccines for which Pfizer holds global rights on a not-for-profit basis to 1.2 billion people living in 45 lower-income countries around the world. Our vaccines have and may continue to face competition, including from the introduction of alternative vaccines or “next-generation” vaccines prior to or after the expiration of their patents, which may adversely affect our future results. Our biosimilars, which include biosimilars of certain inflammation & immunology and oncology biologic medicines, compete with branded products from competitors, as well as other generics and biosimilars manufacturers. We seek to maximize the opportunity to establish a “first-to-market” or early market position for our biosimilars to provide customers a lower-cost alternative immediately when available and also to potentially provide us with higher levels of sales and profitability until other competitors enter the market. Generic Products . Generic pharmaceutical manufacturers pose one of the biggest competitive challenges to our branded small molecule products because they can market a competing version of our product after the expiration or loss of our patent protection and often charge much less. Several competitors regularly challenge our product patents before their expiration. Generic competitors often operate without large R&D expenses, as well as without costs of conveying medical information about products to the medical community. In addition, the approval process in the U.S. and in the EU exempts generics from costly and time-consuming clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy, allowing generic manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy data of the innovator product. In China, for example, given the expansion of the QCE process and continuation of the VBP program, we expect to continue to face intensified competition by certain generic manufacturers in 2024 and beyond, which has and may continue to result in price cuts and volume loss of some of our products. In addition, generic versions of competitors’ branded products have and may continue to compete with our products. Commercial and government payors typically encourage the use of generics as alternatives to brand-name drugs in their healthcare programs, including Medicaid in the U.S., and U.S. laws generally allow, and in some cases require, pharmacists to substitute generic drugs for brand-name drugs. In a small subset of states, prescribing physicians are able to expressly prevent such substitution. Similar rules also apply in several EU member states, where national authorities typically encourage and incentivize the use of generic products. Biosimilars. Certain of our biologic products, including Enbrel (we market Enbrel outside the U.S. and Canada), already face, or may face in the future, competition from biosimilars (also referred to as follow-on biologics). Biosimilars are versions of biologic medicines that have been developed and proven to be highly similar to the original biologic in terms of safety and efficacy and that have no clinically meaningful differences in safety, purity or potency. Biosimilars have the potential to offer high-quality, lower-cost alternatives to innovative biologic medicines. In the U.S., biosimilars referencing innovative biologic products are approved by the FDA under the U.S. Public Health Service Act, whereas in the EU the EMA is responsible for evaluating the majority of applications for biosimilars through the centralized procedure. PRICING PRESSURES AND MANAGED CARE ORGANIZATIONS Commercial Pricing Pressures. Pricing and access pressures in the commercial sector continue to be significant. Overall, there is increasing pressure on U.S. providers to deliver healthcare at a lower cost and to ensure that those expenditures deliver demonstrated value in terms of health outcomes. Many employers have adopted or make available high deductible health plans, which can increase out-of-pocket costs for medicines. This trend is likely to continue. Private third-party payors, such as health plans, increasingly challenge pharmaceutical product pricing, which could result in lower prices, lower reimbursement rates for payors and a reduction in demand for our products, including denial of coverage of our products, if lower cost alternatives are available. Payors often require significant discounts, or rebates, from our prices in exchange for more favorable formulary placement. Pricing pressures also may occur as a result of highly competitive biopharmaceutical markets and increasing concentration of insurers and PBMs. Healthcare provider purchasers, directly or through group purchasing organizations, are seeking enhanced discounts or implementing more rigorous bidding or purchasing review processes. Longer term, we foresee a shift in focus among payors and their PBMs away from fee-for-service reimbursement towards outcomes-based payments and risk-sharing arrangements that reward providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers for cost reductions and improved patient outcomes. These new payment models can, at times, lead to lower prices for, and restricted access to, new medicines. At the same time, these models can also promote utilization of drugs by encouraging physicians to screen and diagnose and consider drugs as a means of forestalling more costly medical interventions. Further, these models may also encourage payors and their PBMs to cover higher cost drugs where coverage is tied to patient outcomes and other quality incentives. Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 10 The impact of large-scale healthcare disruptions, like the COVID-19 pandemic, on the pace of adoption of value-based payment models remains unclear. Both payors and providers may resist adopting such models or choose to adopt such models at a slower pace if the incentives available do not outweigh the financial risk involved. Adoption of such models, in particular models that involve downside risk, may depend on revenue predictability for hospitals and other institutional providers, many of which are still struggling to recover financially following the COVID-19 pandemic. Providers in more advanced value-based payment models, such as full capitation, a fixed amount paid in advance per-patient per-unit of time-period, generally found their revenues remained steady during the COVID-19 pandemic, which may ultimately encourage the growth of such models. Going forward, we expect continued focus on value-based payment models that support financial resiliency and advance healthcare equity by incorporating features intended to reduce disparities in healthcare quality and access experienced by underrepresented and underserved populations. We believe medicines and vaccines are the most efficient and effective use of healthcare dollars based on the value they deliver to the overall healthcare system. We work with law makers and advocate for solutions that effectively improve patient health outcomes, lower costs to the healthcare system, and help ensure access to medicines and vaccines within an efficient and affordable healthcare system. This includes assessing our go-to market model to help address patient affordability challenges. We have engaged with major payors and the U.S. government to explore opportunities to improve access and reimbursement in an effort to drive pro-patient policies. In addition, in response to the evolving U.S. and global healthcare spending landscape, we work with health authorities, health technology assessment and quality measurement bodies and major U.S. payors throughout the product-development process to better understand how these entities value our compounds and products. Further, we are developing stronger support designed to demonstrate the net value of the medicines and vaccines that we discover or develop, register and manufacture. For information on government pricing pressures, see the Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Price Constraints and Item 1A. Risk Factors — Pricing and Reimbursement sections. Managed Care Organizations. The evolution of managed care in the U.S. has been a major factor in the competitiveness of the healthcare marketplace. Approximately 318 million people in the U.S. now have some form of health insurance coverage, and the marketing of prescription drugs and vaccines to both consumers and the entities that manage coverage in the U.S. continues to grow in importance. In particular, the influence of MCOs has increased in recent years due to the growing number of patients receiving coverage through MCOs. At the same time, consolidation in the MCO industry has resulted in fewer, even larger MCOs, which enhances those MCOs’ ability to negotiate lower pricing and further increases their importance to our business. Since MCOs seek to contain and reduce healthcare expenditures, their growing influence has increased downward pressure on drug prices, as well as negatively impacted revenues. MCOs and their PBMs typically negotiate prices with pharmaceutical providers by using formularies (which are lists of approved medicines available to MCO members), clinical protocols (which require prior authorization for a branded product if a generic product is available or require the patient to first fail on one or more generic products before permitting access to a branded medicine), long-term contracts and their ability to influence volume and market share of prescription drugs. In addition, by placing branded medicines on higher-tier or non-preferred status in their formularies, MCOs transfer to the patient higher patient out-of-pocket expenses. This financial disincentive is a tool for MCOs to manage drug costs and channel patients to medicines preferred by the MCOs. We expect payment reforms for MCOs will continue to evolve with increased emphasis on expanded participation and on removing barriers to equitable healthcare. The breadth of the products covered by formularies can vary considerably from one MCO to another, and many formularies include alternative and competitive products for treatment of particular medical problems. MCOs emphasize primary and preventive care, out-patient treatment and procedures performed at doctors’ offices and clinics as ways to manage costs. Hospitalization and surgery, typically the most expensive forms of treatment, are carefully managed, and drugs that can help in chronic care management and reduce the need for hospitalization, professional therapy or surgery may become favored first-line treatments for certain diseases. At the same time, MCOs may seek to exclude high-cost drugs from formularies in their efforts to manage and lower their costs. Exclusion of a product from a formulary or other MCO-implemented restrictions can significantly impact drug usage in the MCO patient population and beyond. Consequently, pharmaceutical companies compete to gain access to formularies for their products, typically on the basis of unique product features, such as greater efficacy, better patient ease of use, or fewer side effects, as well as the overall cost of the therapy. We continue to seek to ensure that our major products are included on MCO formularies. However, our branded products are increasingly being placed on the higher tiers or in a non-preferred status. Continuing efforts by managed care entities to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect demand for our products and our financial performance. See the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Managed Care Trends section. RAW MATERIALS We procure raw materials essential to our business from numerous suppliers worldwide. In general, these materials have been available in sufficient quantities to support our demand and in many cases are available from multiple suppliers. No significant impact to our operations due to the availability of raw materials is currently anticipated in 2024. However, we continue to see heightened demand in the industry for certain components and raw materials, which could potentially result in constraining available supply leading to a possible future impact on our business. We are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND PRICE CONSTRAINTS We are subject to extensive regulation by government authorities in the countries in which we do business. This includes laws and regulations governing the operations of biopharmaceutical companies, such as the approval, manufacturing and marketing of products, pricing (including discounts and rebates) and price reporting, interactions with healthcare professionals, institutions, and referral sources, reporting of remuneration provided to healthcare providers and academic medical centers, financial assistance provided to patients, clinical research, data privacy and information security, among others. These laws and regulations may require administrative guidance for implementation, and a failure to comply could subject us to legal and/or administrative actions. Enforcement measures may include substantial fines and/or penalties, orders to stop non-compliant activities, criminal charges, warning letters, product recalls or seizures, delays in product approvals, exclusion from participation in government programs or contracts as well as limitations on conducting business in applicable jurisdictions, and could result in harm to our reputation and business. See Note 16A . Compliance with these laws and regulations may be costly, and may require significant technical expertise and capital investment to ensure compliance. While capital expenditures or operating costs for compliance with government regulations Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 11 cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently anticipate they will have a material effect on our capital expenditures or competitive position. In the U.S. Drug and Biologic Regulation . The FDA, pursuant to the FFDCA, the Public Health Service Act and other federal statutes and regulations, extensively regulates pre- and post-marketing activities related to our biopharmaceutical products and devices. The regulations govern areas such as safety and efficacy, clinical trials, advertising and promotion, quality control, manufacturing, labeling, distribution, post-marketing safety surveillance and reporting, and record keeping. Other U.S. federal agencies, including the DEA, also regulate certain of our products and activities. For a biopharmaceutical company to market a drug or a biologic product, including vaccines, the FDA must evaluate whether the product is safe and effective for its intended use. If the FDA determines that the drug or biologic is safe and effective, the FDA will approve the product’s NDA or BLA (or supplemental NDA or supplemental BLA), as appropriate. A drug or biologic may be subject to postmarketing commitments, which are studies or clinical trials that the product sponsor agrees to conduct, or postmarketing requirements, which are studies or clinical trials that are required as a condition of approval. In addition, we are also required to report adverse events and comply with cGMPs (the FDA regulations that govern all aspects of manufacturing quality for pharmaceuticals) and the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (the law that, among other things, sets forth requirements related to product tracing, product identifiers and verification for manufacturers, wholesale distributors, re-packagers and dispensers to facilitate the tracing of product through the pharmaceutical distribution supply chain), as well as advertising and promotion regulations. See the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Development, Regulatory Approval and Marketing of Products and — Post-Authorization/Approval Data sections. In the context of public health emergencies, like the COVID-19 pandemic, we may apply to the FDA for an EUA which, if granted, allows for the distribution and use of our products during the declared emergency, in accordance with the conditions set forth in the EUA, unless the EUA is terminated by the government. Although the criteria for an EUA differ from the criteria for approval of an NDA or BLA, EUAs nevertheless require the development and submission of data to satisfy the relevant FDA standards, and a number of ongoing obligations. The FDA generally expects EUA holders to work toward submission of full applications, such as a BLA or an NDA, as soon as possible. Biosimilar Regulation. The FDA is responsible for approval of biosimilars. Innovator biologics, or reference products, are entitled to 12 years exclusivity. Applications for biosimilars may not be submitted until four years after the date on which the reference product was first licensed and may not be approved until 12 years after the reference product was first licensed. Sales and Marketing Regulations . Our marketing practices are subject to federal and state laws, such as the Anti-Kickback Statute (AKS), Civil Monetary Penalties Law and False Claims Act, intended to prevent fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. The AKS prohibits soliciting, offering, receiving, or paying anything of value to generate business that may be paid for, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program. The Civil Monetary Penalties Law covers a variety of conduct, often violations under other laws, and includes penalties for AKS violations as well as causing the submission of false claims. The False Claims Act generally prohibits anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented, any claims for payment for goods or services, including to government payors, such as Medicare and Medicaid, that are false or fraudulent including false certifications of compliance with applicable law. The federal government and states also regulate sales and marketing activities and financial interactions between manufacturers and healthcare providers, requiring disclosure to government authorities and the public of such interactions, and the adoption of compliance standards or programs. State attorneys general have also taken action to regulate the marketing of prescription drugs under state consumer protection and false advertising laws. Pricing, Reimbursement and Access Regulations. Pricing and reimbursement for our products depend in part on government regulation. Any significant efforts at the federal or state levels to reform the healthcare system by changing the way healthcare is provided or funded or to expand controls on drug pricing, government reimbursement, and access to medicines and vaccines on public and private insurance plans could have a material impact on us. We must offer discounts or rebates on purchases of pharmaceutical products under various government programs including Medicare, Medicaid, the Veterans Administration and the 340B Drug Pricing Program (340B Program). We also must report specific prices to government agencies. The calculations necessary to determine the prices reported are complex and the failure to do so accurately may expose us to enforcement measures. See the discussion regarding rebates in the Product Revenue Deductions section within MD&A and Note 1G . The drug pricing provisions of the IRA, which was signed into law in August 2022, began to be implemented in 2022 and implementation will continue over the next several years. The IRA includes several provisions to lower prescription drug costs for Medicare patients and to reduce drug spending by the federal government. Among other things, the IRA enhances the Medicare Part D benefit by eliminating the coverage gap (“donut hole”) beginning in 2025, adds a maximum out-of-pocket cap for Medicare beneficiaries (set at $2,000 for 2025), and creates a new program that allows patients to pay their cost-sharing over time. The law also requires manufacturers to provide a 10% discount on branded prescriptions in the initial coverage phase and a 20% discount in the catastrophic phase, imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D on drug price increases that outpace inflation, and directs HHS to set the prices of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare (known as the “Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program”). In August 2023, the Biden Administration published the first ten medicines subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program, which included Eliquis. As a selected drug, CMS will establish a “maximum fair price” for Eliquis and that price will be published by September 1, 2024. The price will be in effect in 2026. The maximum fair price established by CMS is required to be offered to all Medicare beneficiaries and to covered entities participating in the 340B Program if that maximum fair price is lower than the discounted price such entities are offered under the 340B Program ceiling price calculation. In addition, there will be a new Medicare manufacturer discount program agreement expected to be signed in March 2024 that will change our discounting obligations for all medicines in Medicare, with few exceptions, beginning in 2025. The Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program is currently subject to legal challenges and therefore, the outcome of the Program remains uncertain. We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our business, operations and financial condition and results as the full effect of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain. Changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or the 340B Program could have a material impact on our business. For example, certain changes finalized by CMS in a December 2020 final rule, including which products qualify as so-called “line extension” drugs subject to increased rebate liability, may have a material impact on our business. Additionally, in May 2023, CMS proposed new rules that could, if finalized, have a material impact on our business. Those proposals include, for example, new rules regarding how manufacturers would be required to aggregate discounts for purposes of determining their Medicaid Best Price. Additionally, various potential changes to the 340B Program are undergoing Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 12 review or are the subject of current regulatory activity and/or litigation, and their status is unclear. In 2022, we implemented a policy that will help improve contract pharmacy integrity. The HHS Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), which administers the 340B Program, has sent letters to numerous manufacturers that have also implemented contract pharmacy policies and integrity initiatives; the letters express HRSA’s view that those manufacturers’ policies are in violation of the 340B statute. HRSA also has referred some of those other manufacturers to the HHS Office of Inspector General (OIG) for potential enforcement action. Pfizer has not received an enforcement letter from HRSA to date relating to our 340B Program integrity initiative. Several manufacturers have challenged HRSA’s enforcement letters in federal court and litigation is ongoing in those cases. We believe that our policy is consistent with the statute. In addition, some states have enacted laws seeking to restrict manufacturer policies related to contract pharmacy transactions in their states. At least one state has begun to pursue enforcement proceedings under its law. Several stakeholders have challenged such laws in certain states. Other states have considered and could enact similar laws going forward, although any such laws also may be subject to legal challenges. Additional legal or legislative developments at the federal or state level with respect to the 340B Program may have an adverse impact on our integrity initiative, and we may face enforcement action or penalties, depending upon such developments. The 340B Program continues to be a subject of regulatory activity, congressional scrutiny and inquiries, litigation, and other developments, any or all of which could affect the scope of the program and Pfizer’s obligation to offer discounts to 340B Program covered entities under the program. See the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Pricing and Reimbursement section. States seek to control healthcare costs related to Medicaid and other state regulated healthcare programs. A majority of states use preferred drug lists to manage access to pharmaceutical products under Medicaid, including some of our products. States may seek to negotiate supplemental rebate agreements that are larger than the minimum federal requirement for preferred formulary access. Preferred access to our products under the Medicaid managed care programs are often determined by the managed care health plans contracted by the state to administer benefits, which may also require supplemental rebates for preferred formulary access. We expect states will continue to seek cost cutting, which may focus on managed care capitation payments, supplemental rebates, and/or formulary management. We expect to see continued focus by Congress and the Biden Administration on regulating pricing and access to medicine, in addition to actions already taken, which could result in legislative and regulatory changes. Government and private payors routinely seek to manage utilization and control the costs of our products. There is considerable public and government scrutiny of pharmaceutical pricing and actions being taken at the state and federal level. Further efforts by states and the federal government to regulate prices or payment for pharmaceutical products, including proposed actions to facilitate drug importation, such as Florida’s drug importation program which was recently authorized by the FDA, limit reimbursement to lower reference prices, require deep discounts, impose financial penalties related to pricing practices, and require manufacturers to report and make public price increases and sometimes a written justification for the increase, could adversely affect our business if implemented. Further, commercial payors often follow Medicare coverage and reimbursement policies when setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in cost or other containment measures may similarly be adopted by commercial plans. Payors may continue to promote generic drugs and biosimilars more aggressively to generate savings and attempt to stimulate additional price competition. In addition, we expect that consolidation and integration among pharmacy chains, wholesalers and PBMs will increase pricing pressures in the industry. See the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Managed Care Trends section. Anti-Corruption. The FCPA prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anti-corruption laws and/or regulations. Data Privacy. The number of privacy and data security laws and regulations in the U.S. to which we are subject on the federal and state level continues to increase. We routinely collect and use sensitive personal information relating to digital health. The legislative, regulatory and litigation landscape for privacy and data protection requirements is rapidly evolving and changing. These requirements are not universal and can conflict between jurisdictions. Compliance with those laws and regulations is made more complex by the lack of consistent standards, common definitions, or clear regulatory expectations. At the same time, enforcement of these laws and regulations is increasing and litigation is becoming more common. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including cybersecurity breaches or incidents, could subject us to significant fines and penalties, litigation, and negatively impact our reputation. Outside the U.S. New Drug Approvals . In the EU, the EMA conducts the scientific evaluation, supervision and safety monitoring of our innovative medicinal products that are eligible for the centralized marketing authorization procedure. Through the centralized procedure, pharmaceutical companies may submit to the EMA a single application for a marketing authorization valid in all the EU and the European Economic Area (EEA) countries. The EC takes a legally binding decision based on the EMA's recommendation. For medicinal products that are not eligible for the centralized procedure, the mutual recognition procedure is based on the recognition of a pre-existing national marketing authorization by one or more EU member states, and the decentralized procedure allows the submission of a marketing authorization application simultaneously in several EU member states. In the U.K., the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency is the sole regulatory authority. In Japan, the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Device Agency is involved in a wide range of regulatory activities, including clinical studies, approvals, post-marketing reviews and pharmaceutical safety. In China, the National Medical Product Administration is the primary regulatory authority for approving and supervising medicines. Health authorities in many middle- and lower-income countries might require marketing approval or scientific opinions by a recognized regulatory authority (e.g., the FDA or EMA) before they begin reviewing or approving applications. By way of example, the EMA, in cooperation with the World Health Organization (WHO), can provide scientific opinions on high priority human medicines, including vaccines, for markets outside the EU. In April 2023, the EC proposed to revise the EU pharmaceutical legislation. The proposed legislation includes a significant focus on tackling inequalities on access, affordability and availability of medicines across the EU. The legislative process is ongoing and when eventually completed, it is likely to be the largest reform in over 20 years to EU medicines regulation, with a wide range of impacts including on approval procedures, regulatory data protection and environmental protection measures. Pharmacovigilance. In the EU, the EMA’s PRAC is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations on product safety issues. Specifically, the PRAC focuses on detecting, assessing and communicating the risks associated with adverse reactions of medicinal products, while considering their therapeutic effects. It also evaluates post-authorization safety studies and conducts pharmacovigilance audits. Outside developed markets, pharmacovigilance requirements vary and are generally not as extensive, but there is a trend toward increasing regulation. Pricing and Reimbursement . Certain governments, including in the different EU member states, the U.K., Japan, China, Canada and South Korea, provide healthcare at low-to-zero direct cost to consumers at the point of care and have significant power to regulate pharmaceutical Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 13 prices or patient reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system, particularly under recent global financing pressures. Governments globally may use a variety of measures to control costs, including, among others, legislative or regulatory pricing reforms, cross country collaboration and procurement, price cuts, mandatory rebates, health technology assessments, forced localization as a condition of market access, “international reference pricing” (i.e., the practice of a country linking its regulated medicine prices to those of other countries), QCE processes and VBP. In addition, the international patchwork of price regulation, differing economic conditions and incomplete value assessments across countries has led to varying access to quality medicines in many markets and some third-party trade in our products between countries. Several important multilateral organizations such as the WHO scrutinize international pharmaceutical pricing through policy recommendations and sponsorship of programs, such as “The Oslo Medicines Initiative” (OMI) which aims to ensure “affordability for high-priced medicines”. The OMI concluded its work in September 2022, and the WHO/Europe Access to Novel Medicines Platform was established to enhance affordable and equitable access to effective, innovative and high-priced medicinal products in the region. In China, pricing pressures have increased in recent years because of an overall focus on healthcare cost containment with the central government emphasizing improved health outcomes and decreased drug prices as key indicators of progress towards its healthcare reform. State owned hospitals and the state insurance program account for the vast majority of all drug purchases. For patented innovative products, drug prices have decreased dramatically as a result of adding innovative drugs (including oncology medicines, medicines for children and orphan drugs) to the National Reimbursement Drug List via access-price negotiation. A centralized VBP program with a tendering process aims to contain healthcare costs by driving utilization of generics that have passed QCE. This has resulted in further lowering the price of medicines, especially off-patent medicines; this trend is expected to continue. China is increasing its use of Health Technology Assessment and is controlling mark-ups within the country using a two-invoice limited system, which is a government policy that regulates the pricing of pharmaceutical products and medical devices. Pfizer, along with most off-patent originators, have mostly not been successful in the VBP bidding process. The government has indicated that additional post-LOE drugs (including biological products) could be subjected to VBP qualification in future rounds. Certain of our products, such as Sulperazon and Vfend injectables, were included as candidates in VBP rounds in 2023, and Pfizer was not successful in the bidding process for such products. While certain details of future QCE expansion have been made available, we are unable to determine the impact on our business of the various pricing measures underway. Healthcare Provider Transparency and Disclosures. Several countries have implemented laws requiring (or industry trade associations have recommended) disclosure of transfers of value made by pharmaceutical companies to healthcare providers and/or healthcare organizations, such as academic teaching hospitals. Intellectual Property . Reliable patent protection and enforcement around the world are among the key factors we consider for continued business and R&D investment. The WTO Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (WTO-TRIPS) requires participant countries to provide patent and other intellectual property-related protection for pharmaceutical products by law, with a time-limited exemption provided for least-developed countries. While some countries have made improvements, we still face patent grant, enforcement and other intellectual property challenges in many countries. While the global intellectual property policy environment has generally improved following implementation of WTO-TRIPS and bilateral/multilateral trade agreements, our growth and ability to bring new product innovation to patients depends on maintaining those standards and further progress in intellectual property protection. In certain developed international markets, governments maintain relatively effective intellectual property policies. However, in the EU, pursuant to the ongoing review of pharmaceutical intellectual property and regulatory incentives, proposals introduced in 2023 may reduce the basic period of regulatory data protection from eight to six years, subject to the outcome of the ongoing legislative procedure. In several emerging market countries, governments have used intellectual property policies as a tool to force innovators to accept less than fair value for medicines, as well as to advance industrial policy and localization goals. Multilateral institutions continue to address the role of intellectual property in the context of the COVID-19 response, as well as pandemic preparedness and access to medicine more generally. Considerable political and economic pressure has weakened current intellectual property protection in some countries and has led to policies such as more restrictive standards for obtaining patents and more difficult procedures for patenting biopharmaceutical inventions, restrictions on patenting certain types of inventions, revocation of patents, laws or regulations that promote or provide broad discretion to issue a compulsory license, weak intellectual property enforcement and failure to implement effective regulatory data protection. Our industry advocacy efforts focus on seeking a fair and transparent business environment for foreign manufacturers, underscoring the importance of strong intellectual property systems for all innovative industries (both domestic and foreign) and helping improve patients’ access to innovative medicines and vaccines. Data Privacy. We are subject to extensive privacy and data protection laws and regulations around the world concerning the collection, use and sharing of personal data. We routinely collect and use sensitive personal information relating to digital health. The legislative, regulatory and litigation landscape for privacy and data protection requirements is rapidly evolving and changing. These requirements are not universal and can conflict between jurisdictions. Compliance with those laws and regulations is made more complex by the lack of consistent standards, common definitions, or clear regulatory expectations. At the same time, enforcement of these laws and regulations is increasing and fines and penalties are also increasing. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including cybersecurity breaches or incidents, could subject us to significant fines and penalties, litigation, and negatively impact our reputation. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS Our operations are affected by national, state and/or local environmental laws. We have made, and intend to continue to make, the expenditures necessary for compliance with applicable laws. We also are cleaning up environmental contamination from past industrial activity at certain sites. We incurred capital and operational expenditures in 2023 for environmental compliance purposes and for the clean-up of certain past industrial activity as follows: $92 million in environment-related capital expenditures and $158 million in other environment-related expenses. While capital expenditures or operating costs for environmental compliance cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently anticipate they will have a material effect on our capital expenditures or financial position. See also Note 16A3 . As a science guided organization, we take a proactive approach to our environmental sustainability initiatives. In 2022, we announced a new goal to further reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and achieve the Science Based Target Initiative’s voluntary Net-Zero Standard by 2040. As part of this goal, Pfizer aims to decrease its GHG emissions by 95% and its value chain emissions by 90% from 2019 levels by 2040. To support our goal, we are developing and implementing our emission reduction plan, which will include strategies to achieve reductions throughout our value chain including investing in new technologies and innovative climate solutions, and setting expectations for our suppliers to establish science-aligned GHG emission reduction goals. Our emission reduction plan-related expenses and capital spending incurred for 2023 were not Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 14 material to our consolidated financial statements. While we expect to incur incremental capital and operational expenditures to meet our goal, we do not currently anticipate they will have a material effect on our financial position in the near term. Longer term uncertainties such as the likelihood of commercially available technologies make it difficult to predict the financial impact of meeting the goal, and we will continue to assess and monitor the financial impact of the emission reduction plan. For a discussion of the risks associated with climate change and our environmental initiatives, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors—Climate Change and Sustainability section. OUR PEOPLE Our purpose is: Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives . These breakthroughs are delivered through the collaboration of our talented workforce. As of December 31, 2023, including Seagen colleagues, we employed approximately 88,000 people worldwide, with approximately 35,000 based in the U.S. Women compose approximately 52% of our global workforce, and approximately 39% of our U.S.-based employees are individuals with ethnically diverse backgrounds. Our continued success links directly to the commitment, engagement and performance of our employees. It is important that we not only attract and retain the best and brightest talent, but also ensure they remain engaged and can thrive in an environment that is committed to helping them grow, succeed and contribute directly to achieving our purpose. At Pfizer, prioritizing a positive colleague experience is of utmost importance, particularly during times of business transformation. We were conscious of the impact that the challenges and opportunities facing our business throughout the year had on colleagues. Our goal is to prioritize the health and wellness of our colleagues, creating an environment where colleagues can excel in their work and advance our purpose. To achieve this, we strive to cultivate an inclusive and empowering work environment. This involves simplifying processes and eliminating unnecessary complexity, recognizing both performance and leadership skills, fostering career growth and internal mobility, and providing competitive compensation and benefits programs that promote mental and physical well-being. Core Values. To fully realize Pfizer’s purpose we have established a clear set of goals regarding what we need to achieve for patients and how we will go about achieving them. The “how” is represented by four simple, powerful company core values – Courage , Excellence , Equity and Joy . Each value defines our company and our culture: • Courage : Breakthroughs start by challenging convention – especially in the face of uncertainty or adversity. This happens when we think big, speak up and are decisive. • Excellence : We can only change patients’ lives when we perform at our best together. This happens when we focus on what matters, agree who does what and measure outcomes. • Equity : Every person deserves to be seen, heard and cared for. This happens when we are inclusive, act with integrity and reduce healthcare disparities. • Joy : We give ourselves to our work, and it also gives to us. We find joy when we take pride, recognize one another and have fun. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. At Pfizer, every person deserves to be seen, heard and cared for. We embed diversity, equity and inclusion in our workplace and our purpose of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. As we work to bring together people with different backgrounds, perspectives and experiences we take specific actions to help foster an inclusive environment within Pfizer and beyond, including, among others: (i) building a more inclusive colleague experience through representation and meaningful connections; (ii) advancing equitable health outcomes by evaluating our work through the lens of the communities we serve, (iii) providing resources on allyship and the science behind inclusion to support all colleagues in having courageous conversations about equity, race and the avoidance of bias; (iv) working to help transform society with external diversity, equity and inclusion partnerships, including deploying capital, engaging diverse suppliers and amplifying equity initiatives; and (v) working to help ensure demographics of clinical trials correlate to those of the countries where trials are taking place. Colleague Engagement . To attract, develop and inspire the brightest talent, we aim to support our colleagues by engaging and partnering with them to help ensure they feel they are part of a community. We understand that continuously listening and responding to colleague feedback is essential to fostering a healthy work environment particularly during times of change and uncertainty. We are passionate about creating safe spaces at work so our employees feel able and encouraged to provide the company with feedback. The Office of the Ombuds is a resource where all Pfizer colleagues at any level can come to get information and guidance to help them address and resolve work-related issues. We also host company-wide safe space calls and provide various other public, private and anonymous channels for employees to share feedback without fear of retaliation. Our annual engagement survey, Pfizer Pulse, provides a forum for our colleagues to give structured feedback about their colleague experience. Through this survey, we measure and track priority areas of the overall colleague experience and equip leaders with actionable insights for discussion and follow up. Regular topics in the survey include: (i) employee engagement, such as colleagues’ commitment to and advocacy for Pfizer; (ii) purpose, including how colleagues’ work connects with our purpose; (iii) inclusion, such as having a climate in which diverse perspectives are valued; (iv) empowerment, such as colleagues feeling empowered and enabled to do their best work together; and (v) growth, including the ability for colleagues to gain new experiences that align with their individual career goals. In addition, we ask for feedback at various points in the employee lifecycle through surveys, focus groups and colleague forums. The information we receive helps enable us to adapt to the real-time needs of our employees and continuously improve our ways of working. While we have already made progress in reducing bureaucracy and streamlining processes, we recognize that there is still room for improvement, particularly in the effectiveness of our cross-functional teams. Throughout 2023, we have developed and tested a new approach that aims to expedite decision-making, provide clarity in roles and responsibilities, enhance governance, redefine the role of a leader, and ultimately improve overall team productivity and performance. This new way of working signifies our commitment to becoming a more dynamic organization that thrives on collaboration and agility. By revolutionizing the way our teams operate, we believe we can drive better business outcomes and, most importantly, make a meaningful difference in the lives of people around the world. Pfizer also prioritizes colleague recognition to drive engagement, a sense of belonging, motivation, and productivity. Our global rewards and recognition program, Bravo, lets colleagues celebrate and acknowledge each other for demonstrating Pfizer values in a way that makes an impact on the company, a colleague, a team or a patient. In 2023, 84% of colleagues were recognized, and more than 650,000 recognitions were given. Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 15 Performance and Leadership. We understand the significance of leadership and its crucial role in promoting growth and delivering breakthrough results. We believe that each of our colleagues has the potential to lead in a unique way and create a meaningful impact on a global scale. To support this belief, we have developed a new leadership profile for our colleagues that aligns with our company values of courage, excellence, equity and joy. We believe this renewed focus on leadership applies to all colleagues, which may help us to foster transformational thinking and executional excellence. By pursuing these leadership qualities, we believe Pfizer can help ensure that its leaders and colleagues are aligned with the company’s values, behaviors and purpose, which may help lead to better outcomes and a positive impact on the lives they touch. We are committed to helping our colleagues reach their full potential by rewarding both their performance and leadership skills and by providing opportunities for growth and development. Our performance management approach—called Performance and Leadership Insights—is based on six-month semesters during which our colleagues and their managers set goals, receive feedback and meet to discuss performance. These conversations are meant to help colleagues grow and develop by evaluating performance (what the colleague achieved, measured by outcomes), leadership (how they achieved it, taking into account Pfizer’s values of courage, excellence, equity and joy), and identifying areas of growth that help move colleagues towards fulfilling their career goals and their potential. Growth and Development . By prioritizing the ongoing development of our employees, we not only support their individual success but also cultivate a resilient and adaptable workforce that can thrive in the face of change. As we navigate the evolving landscape of our industry, we recognize that providing our employees with opportunities for learning, skill-building and growth is essential to their engagement, productivity, and overall job satisfaction. In 2023, we continued to maintain low voluntary turnover rates relative to the pharmaceutical industry. Our view of career growth is built on aspirations and empowers individuals to boldly own their growth journey. We deepened our efforts to redefine growth as a fluid process that promotes incremental in-role growth or mobility along horizontal, vertical or diagonal individualized pathways—what we are calling “zig-zag” growth. Our commitments to colleague development consist of specific actions to encourage non-linear “zig-zag” career growth paths for all colleagues, including (i) a common language around growth—along with a guiding framework—to help colleagues identify their next best growth experience, (ii) tools and resources to encourage growth conversations and offer transparency on the sources of growth available, and (iii) a variety of opportunities to grow through experiences, connections with others and learning programs, including mentoring, job rotations, experiential projects, skill-based volunteering and personalized learning pathways that address a variety of topics, including leadership and management skills and industry- and job-specific learning, as well as general business, manufacturing, finance and technology skills. Health, Safety and Well-Being . Protecting the health, safety and well-being of colleagues and contingent workers, all of whom are essential to delivering our business objectives, is an integral part of how we operate. Our Global Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Policy and supporting standards outline our approach to assessment, evaluation, elimination, and mitigation of EHS risks across our operations globally. We are committed to supporting and encouraging our colleagues’ well-being and use results from Pfizer Pulse and other employee feedback forums to inform the wellness services we offer, such as (i) a Wellness Day for every colleague, (ii) on-site health clinics for colleagues in select locations, with access to certain vaccinations, where allowed by law, (iii) digital accessibility cafés that provide employees with disabilities the tools and equipment to do their jobs effectively, (iv) mental health resources, including a manager/team toolkit designed to facilitate conversations, actively care for coworkers, and provide local resources for employees to access support, (v) programming through Employee Assistance Program (EAP) providers, including our mental health partner THRIVE, our fitness partner Exos, and healthcare partner Kepro, (vi) financial support, including short-term loans and natural disaster relief, and (vii) flexible work policies enabling employees to work from home and their local offices. Pay Equity. Our commitment to pay equity for all colleagues is based in our value of Equity and our intention to continue to build a diverse, inclusive and highly motivated workforce. We are committed to equitable pay practices at Pfizer for employees based on role, education, experience, performance, and location and we conduct and report publicly on pay equity on an annual basis. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS This section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. Additionally, our business is subject to general risks applicable to any company, such as economic conditions, geopolitical events, extreme weather and natural disasters. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings could be adversely affected now and in the future, potentially in a material way. The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements, as discussed in the Forward-Looking Information and Factors that May Affect Future Results section. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS, INDUSTRY AND OPERATIONS: MANAGED CARE TRENDS Private payors, such as health plans, and other managed care entities, such as PBMs, continue to take action to manage the utilization and costs of drugs in the U.S., the single largest market for biopharmaceutical products. The negotiating power of MCOs and other private third-party payors has increased due to consolidation, and they, along with state and federal governments, increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including through the use of deductibles, utilization management tools, cost sharing or formulary placement. They may demand rebates from biopharmaceutical manufacturers for preferred placement on a drug formulary. The growing availability and use of innovative specialty pharmaceutical medicines that treat rare or life threatening conditions, typically with a relatively higher cost as compared to other types of pharmaceutical products, also has generated increased payor interest in development of cost-containment strategies. These initiatives have increased consumers’ interest in drug prices and input in medication choices, as they pay for a larger portion of their prescription costs and may cause them to favor lower-cost generic alternatives. We may fail to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products, or fail to obtain such formulary placement at favorable pricing net of rebates. Third-party payors also use additional measures such as new-to-market blocks, exclusion lists, indication-based pricing and value-based pricing/contracting to improve their cost containment efforts and cost efficiency. Such payors are also increasingly imposing utilization management tools requiring prior authorization for a branded product or requiring the patient to first fail on one or more other products before permitting access to a particular branded medicine. As the U.S. private third-party payor market consolidates further, and as the IRA prices become publicly available, we may face greater pricing pressure from private third-party payors as they continue to drive more of their patients to use lower cost alternatives Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 16 or seek even larger rebates to control costs or offset losses from the IRA. For additional information on the IRA, see the Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Price Constraints section. Also, business arrangements in this area are subject to a high degree of government scrutiny, and available safe harbors under applicable federal and state fraud and abuse laws are subject to change through legislative and regulatory action, as well as evolving judicial interpretations. Our approach to these arrangements may also be informed by such government and industry guidance. COMPETITIVE PRODUCTS Competitive product launches have and may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development, or result in product obsolescence. Such launches continue to occur, and potentially competitive products are in various stages of development. We cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products that treat or prevent diseases and conditions like those treated or prevented by our in-line products and product candidates. Some of our competitors may have competitive, technical or other advantages over us for the development of technologies and processes or greater experience in particular therapeutic areas, and consolidation among certain pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can enhance such advantages. These advantages may make it difficult for us to compete with them successfully to discover, develop and market new products and for our current products to compete with new products or indications they may bring to market. Our products have been competing and may continue to compete, and our product candidates may compete, against products or product candidates that offer higher rebates or discounts, exclusionary contracting, lower prices, equivalent or superior efficacy, better safety profiles, easier administration, earlier market availability or other competitive features. If we are unable to compete effectively, this could reduce sales, which could negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, competition from manufacturers of generic drugs, including from generic versions of competitors’ branded products that lose their market exclusivity, is a major challenge for our branded products. Certain of our products have experienced significant generic competition over the last few years. We anticipate a more significant impact of reduced revenues from patent expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience patent-based expirations. See the Item 1. Business—Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights section. In China, we expect to continue to face intense competition by certain generic manufacturers, which has resulted, and may result in the future, in price cuts and volume loss of some of our products. In addition, our patented products may face generic or biosimilar competition before patent exclusivity expires, including from “at-risk” launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation against the generic or biosimilar product) by a manufacturer of a generic or biosimilar version of one of our patented products. Generic and biosimilar manufacturers have filed or could file applications with the FDA seeking approval of product candidates that they claim do not infringe our or our collaboration and licensing partners’ patents or claim that our or our collaboration and licensing partners’ patents are not valid. We and our licensing and collaboration partners also face challenges in various jurisdictions by generic drug manufacturers to patents covering products for which we have patent rights, licenses or co-promotion rights. See Note 16A1 . We may become subject to competition from biosimilars referencing our biologic products if competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for such biosimilars. We also commercialize biosimilar products that compete with products of others, including other biosimilar products. The entry to the market of competing biosimilars is expected to increase pricing pressures on our biosimilar products. Uptake of our biosimilars may be lower due to various factors, such as anti-competitive practices, access challenges where our product may not receive appropriate coverage/reimbursement access or remains in a disadvantaged position relative to an innovator product, physician reluctance to prescribe biosimilars for existing patients taking the reference product, or misaligned financial incentives for certain prescribers. For additional information on competition our products face, see the Item 1. Business — Competition section. CONCENTRATION We recorded direct product and/or Alliance revenues of more than $1 billion for each of nine products that collectively accounted for 64% of Total revenues in 2023. In particular, Comirnaty accounted for 19% of Total revenues in 2023. See Notes 1 and 17 . If these products or any of our other major products were to, or continue to (if applicable), experience loss of patent protection (if applicable), changes in prescription or vaccination purchasing or growth rates, reduced product demand, material product liability litigation, unexpected side effects or safety concerns, regulatory proceedings or investigations, lower governmental and/or regulatory confidence, negative publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence, pressure from competitive products, changes in labeling, pricing and access pressures or supply shortages or if a new, more effective product should be introduced, the adverse impact on our revenues could be significant and our revenue forecasts and expectations could prove to be inaccurate and we may fail to meet these expectations. In particular, certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years. We anticipate a more significant impact of reduced revenues from patent expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience patent-based expirations. In addition, patents covering a number of our best-selling products are, or have been, the subject of pending legal challenges. For additional information on our patents, see the Item 1. Business — Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights section. For Comirnaty and Paxlovid, while we believe that these products have the potential to provide ongoing revenue streams for Pfizer for the foreseeable future, revenues of these products following the COVID-19 pandemic have decreased substantially, and our current expectations for total COVID-19 product revenues in 2024 are lower than the total 2023 revenues from COVID-19 products. For information on risks associated with Comirnaty and Paxlovid, see the COVID-19 section below. In addition, certain of our customers account for a significant portion of our revenues. If one of our significant customers should encounter financial or other difficulties, it might decrease the amount of business such customer does with us and/or we might be unable to timely collect all the amounts that such customer owes us or at all, which could negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, we expect that consolidation and integration of pharmacy chains and wholesalers will increase competitive and pricing pressures on pharmaceutical manufacturers, including us. See Note 17C for a discussion of our significant customers. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT The discovery and development of new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. Our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as to provide for earnings growth, primarily through internal R&D or through collaborations, acquisitions, JVs, licensing or other arrangements. Growth depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 17 new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payors. However, balancing current growth, investment for future growth and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. The costs of product development continue to be high and are growing, as are regulatory requirements in many therapeutic areas, which may affect the complexity of drug trials, and the number of candidates we are able to fund as well as the sustainability of the R&D portfolio. Decisions made early in the development process of a drug or vaccine candidate can have a substantial impact on the marketing strategy and payor reimbursement possibilities if the candidate receives regulatory approval. We try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably anticipate and address challenges, but there is no assurance that an optimal balance between trial conduct, speed and desired outcome will be achieved. Additionally, our product candidates can fail at any stage of the R&D process, and may not receive regulatory approval even after many years of R&D. We may fail to correctly identify compounds or indications for which our science is promising or allocate R&D investment resources efficiently, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic areas, product classes, geographic markets and/or licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. Further, even if we identify areas with the greatest commercial potential, the scientific approach may not succeed despite the significant investment required for R&D, and the product may not be as competitive as expected because of the highly dynamic regulatory and market environments and the hurdles in terms of access, coverage and reimbursement. For example, certain of our gene therapy product candidates are based on a novel technology with only a handful of gene therapies approved to date, which make it difficult to predict the time and cost of development and the ability to obtain regulatory approval. GLOBAL OPERATIONS We operate on a global scale and could be affected by currency and interest rate fluctuations; capital and exchange controls; local and global economic conditions including inflation, recession, volatility and/or lack of liquidity in capital markets; expropriation and other restrictive government actions; changes in intellectual property; legal protections and remedies; trade regulations; tax laws and regulations; and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as impacts of political or civil unrest or military action, including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and their economic consequences, geopolitical instability, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems, inter-governmental disputes, public health outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters or disruptions related to climate change. Some emerging market countries may be particularly vulnerable to periods of financial, economic or political instability or significant currency fluctuations or may have limited resources for healthcare spending. As a result of these and other factors, our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and any growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable. Additionally, local economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of payors, as well as our distributors, customers, suppliers and service providers, to pay for our products, or otherwise to buy necessary inventory or raw materials, and to perform their obligations under agreements with us. Government financing and economic pressures can lead to negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria (e.g., through health technology assessments) or other means of cost control. For additional information on government pricing pressures, see the Item 1. Business—Government Regulation and Price Constraints section. We continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts and impediments that could impact our business. If trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales; increased costs; volatility in foreign exchange rates; a decline in the value of our financial assets and pension plan investments; required increases of our pension funding obligations; increased government cost control efforts; delays or failures in the performance of customers, suppliers and other third parties on whom we may depend for the performance of our business; and the risk that our allowance for doubtful accounts may not be adequate. We operate in many countries and transact in many different currencies. Changes in the value of those currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, or high inflation or deflation in those countries, can impact our revenues, costs and expenses and our financial guidance. Significant portions of our revenues, costs and expenses, as well as our substantial international net assets, are exposed to exchange rate changes. 54% of our total 2023 revenues were derived from international operations, including 24% from Europe and 20% from Japan, China and the rest of the Asia Pacific region. Future changes in exchange rates or economic conditions and the impact they may have on our results of operations, financial condition or business are difficult to predict. For additional information about our exposure to foreign currency risk, see the Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk section within MD&A. In addition, our borrowing, pension benefit and postretirement benefit obligations and interest-bearing investments are subject to risk from changes in interest and exchange rates. The risks related to interest-bearing investments and borrowings and the measures we have taken to help contain them are discussed in the Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk section within MD&A and Note 7E . For additional details on critical accounting estimates and assumptions for our benefit plans, see the Significant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions—Benefit Plans section within MD&A and Note 11 . PRODUCT MANUFACTURING, SALES AND MARKETING RISKS We could encounter difficulties, delays or inefficiencies in our supply chain, product manufacturing and distribution networks, as well as sales or marketing, due to regulatory actions, shut-downs, work stoppages or strikes, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on, reputational harm, the impact to our facilities due to health pandemics or natural or man-made disasters, including as a result of climate change, product liability or unanticipated costs. Examples of such difficulties or delays include the inability to increase or maintain production capacity commensurate with demand; challenges related to component materials to maintain supply and/or appropriate quality standards throughout our supply network and/or comply with applicable regulations; inability to supply certain products due to voluntary product recalls; and supply chain disruptions at our facilities or at a supplier or vendor. In addition, we engage contract manufacturers, and, from time to time, our contract manufacturers may face difficulties or are unable to manufacture our products at the necessary quantity or quality levels. Regulatory agencies periodically inspect our manufacturing facilities, as well as third-party facilities that we rely on, to evaluate compliance with cGMP or other applicable requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to possible legal or regulatory actions, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product, injunctions, debarment, product recalls, delays or denials of product approvals, import bans or denials of import certifications. In 2021, Pfizer recalled all lots of Chantix in the U.S. due to the presence of a nitrosamine, N-nitroso-varenicline, at or above the FDA interim acceptable intake limit. Regulatory authorities outside the U.S. have issued updated guidance on nitrosamine acceptable intake levels. With this recently issued guidance, which included an updated intake level for N-nitroso-varenicline, we expect to make regulatory submissions in 2024 to potentially enable Chantix to return to market outside the U.S., and our related discussions with FDA are ongoing. Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 18 Our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC was damaged by a tornado in July 2023. While manufacturing has resumed, the supply of medicines impacted by the tornado is expected to be affected through 2024. See the Overview of Our Performance , Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook — Our Operating Environment section within MD&A. COLLABORATIONS AND OTHER RELATIONSHIPS WITH THIRD PARTIES We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of our products and product candidates and also enter into JVs and other business development transactions. To achieve expected longer-term benefits, we may make substantial upfront payments as part of these transactions, which may negatively impact our earnings or cash flows. We rely heavily on these parties for multiple aspects of our drug development, manufacturing and commercialization activities, but we do not control many aspects of those activities. We also outsource certain services, including activities related to transaction processing, accounting, IT, manufacturing, clinical trial recruitment and execution, clinical lab services, non-clinical research, safety services, integrated facilities management and other areas. Failure by one or more of the third-party collaborators, service providers and others to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations or to meet their contractual or other obligations to us; failure of one or more of these parties to comply with applicable laws or regulations; disruptions in one or more of these parties’ businesses, including unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials or components, cyber-attacks on supplier systems, labor disputes or shortage and inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters or pandemics; or any disruption in the relationships between us and these parties have or could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing or commercialization of our products and product candidates, expose us to suboptimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, result in repercussions such as missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, erroneous data and supply disruptions, and could also result in non-compliance with legal or regulatory requirements or industry standards or subject us to reputational harm, all with potential negative implications for our product pipeline and business. Further, our Alliance revenues will be adversely affected by the termination or expiration of collaboration and co-promotion agreements that we have entered into and that we may enter into from time to time. COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS Our reputation, in-line and pipeline portfolios render our medicines and vaccines prime targets for counterfeiters. Counterfeits pose a significant risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured—often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected, and unsanitary sites—as well as the lack of regulation of their contents. Failure to mitigate this threat could adversely impact Pfizer’s patients, potentially causing them harm. This situation, in turn, may result in the loss of patient confidence in the Pfizer name and in the integrity of our medicines and vaccines, and potentially impact our business through lost sales, product recalls, and possible litigation. The prevalence of counterfeit medicines is an industry-wide issue due to a variety of factors, including the adoption of e-commerce. The increased adoption during the COVID-19 pandemic further exposed consumers to fake prescription treatments via the internet as access to traditional brick and mortar pharmacies or authorized full-service internet pharmacies that offer authentic treatments may have been hindered . The internet exposes patients to greater risk as it is a preferred vehicle for dangerous counterfeit offers and scams that target unsuspecting consumers. Traffic to these generally deceptive pharmacy sites is largely driven by misplaced trust in sophisticated internet retailers and social media offers coupled with the convenience e-commerce affords consumers. Counterfeiters generally target any medicine or vaccine boasting strong demand and we have observed heightened counterfeit and fraud attempts to our internal medicine portfolio, as well as products utilized in the treatment of COVID-19. We consistently invest in an enterprise-wide strategy to aggressively combat counterfeit threats by educating patients and healthcare providers about the risks, investing in innovative technologies to detect and disrupt sophisticated internet offers and scams, proactively monitoring and interdicting supply with the help of law enforcement, and advising legislators and regulators. However, our efforts and those of others may not be entirely successful, and the presence of counterfeit medicines may continue to increase. RISKS RELATED TO GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND LEGAL PROCEEDINGS: PRICING AND REIMBURSEMENT U.S. and international governmental regulations that mandate price controls or limitations on patient access to our products, create coverage criteria or establish prices paid by government entities or programs for our products impact our business, and our future results could be adversely affected by changes in such regulations or policies. In addition to the recent expansion of price controls in the U.S. in the IRA, the adoption of restrictive coverage policies and price controls in new jurisdictions, more restrictive controls in existing jurisdictions or the failure to obtain or maintain timely or adequate coverage and pricing could also adversely impact revenue. We expect pricing pressures and other cost containment measures for drugs and vaccines will continue globally. In the U.S., pharmaceutical product pricing is subject to government and public scrutiny and calls for reform, and many of our products are subject to increasing pricing pressures as a result. We expect to see continued focus by the U.S. Congress and the Biden Administration on regulating pricing and access to medicine. For example, in August 2022, the drug pricing provisions of the IRA were signed into law, which, among other things, require manufacturers of certain drugs, including Pfizer, to engage in price negotiations with Medicare which will permit the CMS to set a maximum fair price for selected drugs, impose rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation, and replace the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program. The drug pricing provisions of the IRA began to be implemented in 2022 and implementation efforts are expected to continue over the next several years. In August 2023, the Biden Administration unveiled the first round of medicines subject to the Medicare Drug Pricing Negotiation Program, which included Eliquis. CMS will establish a maximum fair price for Eliquis that will be in effect in 2026. That maximum fair price will be required to be offered to all Medicare beneficiaries and to covered entities participating in the 340B Program if lower than the 340B price. Health plans may also require rebates in addition to the maximum fair price for preferred placement on a Medicare plan formulary. The Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program is currently subject to legal challenges and therefore, the outcome of the 340B Program remains uncertain. We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our business, operations, financial condition and results as the full effect of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain. Payors may promote generic drugs and biosimilars more aggressively to generate savings and attempt to stimulate additional price competition. In addition, we expect that consolidation and integration among pharmacy chains, wholesalers and PBMs will increase pricing pressures in the industry. Some states have implemented, and others are considering, patient access constraints or cost cutting under state regulated programs including the Medicaid program. State legislatures also have continued to focus on addressing drug costs, generally by increasing price transparency or attempting to limit drug price increases for state regulated insurance. Measures to regulate prices or payment for pharmaceutical Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 19 products, including legislation on drug importation, such as Florida’s drug importation program which was recently approved by the FDA, could adversely affect our business. For additional information on U.S. pricing and reimbursement, see the Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Price Constraints section. We encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries in which we operate. In certain markets, such as in EU member states, the U.K., Japan, China, Canada and South Korea, governments have significant power as large single payors to regulate prices, access criteria, or impose other means of cost control, particularly as a result of recent global financing pressures. For example, the QCE and VBP tender process in China has resulted in significant price cuts for off-patent medicines. Additionally, in the EU, the EC proposed the largest reform to drug pricing and access in 20 years, which if enacted would change regulatory exclusivity for our products. For additional information regarding these government initiatives, see the Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Price Constraints section. We anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing and access pressures globally. In addition, in many countries, with respect to our vaccines, we participate in a tender process for selection in national immunization programs. Failure to secure participation in national immunization programs or to obtain acceptable pricing in the tender process could adversely affect our business. Pricing pressures have been, and we anticipate will continue to be, amplified by COVID-19 induced budget deficits and focus on pricing for COVID-19 treatments and vaccines. U.S. HEALTHCARE REGULATION The U.S. healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes. Any significant additional efforts at the U.S. federal or state levels to reform the healthcare system by changing the way healthcare is provided or funded could have a material impact on us. For additional information on U.S. healthcare regulation, see the Item 1. Business––Government Regulation and Price Constraints section. Other U.S. federal or state legislative or regulatory action and/or policy efforts could adversely affect our business, including, among others, general budget control actions, changes in patent laws, the importation of prescription drugs to the U.S. at prices that are regulated by foreign governments, revisions to reimbursement of biopharmaceuticals under government programs that could reference international prices or require new discounts, limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders, or the use of comparative effectiveness methodologies that could be implemented in a manner that focuses primarily on cost differences and minimizes the therapeutic differences among pharmaceutical products and restricts access to innovative medicines. Any additional reduction of U.S. federal spending on entitlement programs beyond the IRA, including Medicare and Medicaid, may affect payment for our products or services provided using our products. Any other significant spending reductions or cost controls affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs that may be implemented could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. The IRA will be implemented largely through government guidance and as its effect on Medicare and commercial markets evolve, we will continue to evaluate the potential impacts to our business. We expect additional cost containment measures at both the federal and state levels as efforts to reduce drug costs continue. Further, commercial payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations when setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in cost or other containment measures may similarly be adopted by commercial plans. Coverage policies and reimbursement rates for commercial plans may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. DEVELOPMENT, REGULATORY APPROVAL AND MARKETING OF PRODUCTS The discovery and development of drugs, vaccines and biological products are time consuming, costly and unpredictable. The outcome is inherently uncertain and involves a high degree of risk due to the following factors, among others: • The process from early discovery to design and adequate implementation of clinical trials to regulatory approval can take many years and have high costs. • We may have difficulties recruiting and enrolling patients for clinical trials on a consistent basis. • Product candidates can and do fail at any stage of the process, including as the result of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, or unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data, including results that may not support further clinical development of the product candidate or indication. • We may need to amend our clinical trial protocols or conduct additional clinical trials under certain circumstances, for example, to further assess appropriate dosage or collect additional safety data. • We may not be able to meet anticipated pre-clinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates. • We may not be able to successfully address all the comments received from regulatory authorities such as the FDA and the EMA, or be able to obtain approval for new products and indications from regulators. Regulatory approvals of our products depend on myriad factors, including regulatory determinations as to the product’s safety and efficacy. In the context of public health emergencies like the COVID-19 pandemic, regulators evaluate various factors and criteria to potentially allow for marketing authorization on an emergency or conditional basis. Additionally, clinical trial and other product data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities. As a result of regulatory interpretations and assessments or other developments that may occur during the review process, or even after a product is authorized or approved for marketing, a product’s commercial potential could be adversely affected by potential emerging concerns or regulatory decisions regarding or impacting the scope of indicated patient populations, labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety issues and/or other matters, including decisions relating to emerging developments regarding potential product impurities. Also, certain of our products have received and may in the future receive approvals under accelerated approval pathways where continued approval may be contingent upon confirmatory studies demonstrating the anticipated clinical benefit and/or safety profile. We may not be able to receive or maintain favorable recommendations by technical or advisory committees, such as the ACIP or an FDA Advisory Committee, which may impact the availability or commercial potential of our products and product candidates. Further, claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety and/or efficacy of in-line products and product candidates can negatively impact current or future product sales, as applicable, and potentially lead to product recalls or withdrawals, including regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, and/or consumer fraud, product liability and other litigation and claims. Regulatory requirements may also result in a more challenging, expensive and lengthy regulatory approval process than anticipated due to requests for, among other things, additional or more extensive clinical trials prior Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 20 to granting approval, or increased post-approval requirements. For these and other reasons discussed in this Risk Factors section, we may not obtain the approvals we expect within the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. POST-AUTHORIZATION/APPROVAL DATA As a condition to granting marketing authorization or approval of a product, the FDA may require, or the sponsor may voluntarily agree to undertake, post-marketing commitments such as additional clinical trials or other studies. The results generated in these trials have in the past impacted certain of our products and could impact our products in the future, such as by resulting in the loss of marketing approval, changes in labeling, and/or new or increased concerns about safety and/or efficacy, including newly discovered adverse events. Regulatory agencies in countries outside the U.S. often have similar regulations and may impose comparable requirements, although there are differences between the U.S., the EU and other international regulatory requirements, which may contribute to inconsistency or uncertainty in the marketability of our products across different jurisdictions. Post-marketing studies and clinical trials, whether conducted by us or by others, whether mandated by regulatory agencies or conducted voluntarily, and other emerging data about products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products. Further, if safety or efficacy concerns are raised about a product in the same class as one of our products, those concerns could implicate the entire class; and this, in turn, could have an adverse impact on the availability or commercial viability of our product(s) as well as other products in the class. The potential regulatory and commercial implications of post-marketing study results typically cannot immediately be determined. The terms of our EUA for Comirnaty require that we conduct post-observational studies to evaluate the association between the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (Original monovalent), Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, Bivalent, and the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (2023-2024 Formula), and a pre-specified list of adverse events of special interest, including myocarditis and pericarditis, along with deaths and hospitalizations, and severe COVID-19. The required study populations include individuals specified in our September 2023 authorization letter (reissued) as well as populations of interest, such as healthcare workers, pregnant women, immunocompromised individuals and subpopulations with specific comorbidities. Additionally, in relation to the FDA approval for Comirnaty, we are required to complete certain postmarketing study requirements and commitments through 2024 and beyond. In the FDA’s revision to the EUA for Paxlovid, the FDA removed the post-authorization requirements as they were addressed as a post-marketing commitment associated with the approval of the Paxlovid NDA. The terms of our Paxlovid EUA had previously required monitoring of a genomic database(s) for the emergence of global viral variants of SARS-CoV-2 and providing reports to the FDA on a monthly basis summarizing any findings. Also, the FDA required Pfizer to assess the activity of the authorized Paxlovid against any global SARS-CoV-2 variant(s) of interest and complete certain other analyses and studies as identified in our October 2022 EUA. LEGAL MATTERS We are and may be involved in various legal proceedings, including patent litigation, product liability and other product-related litigation, including personal injury, consumer, off-label promotion, securities, antitrust and breach of contract claims, commercial and other asserted and unasserted matters, environmental, government and tax investigations, employment, tax litigation and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and excessive verdicts do occur. Although we believe that our claims and defenses in matters in which we are a defendant are substantial, we have in the past and could in the future incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Claims against our patents include challenges to the coverage and/or validity of our patents on various products or processes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these matters, and a loss in any of these cases could result in a loss of patent protection for the product at issue, which could lead to a significant loss of sales of that product and could materially affect future results of operations. We are also involved in government investigations that arise in the ordinary course of our business. There continues to be a significant volume of government investigations and litigation against companies operating in our industry, both in the U.S. and around the world. Government investigations and actions have and could result in substantial criminal and civil fines and/or criminal charges, limitations on our ability to conduct business in applicable jurisdictions, corporate integrity or deferred prosecution agreements and other disciplinary actions, as well as reputational harm, including as a result of increased public interest in the matter. In addition, in a qui tam lawsuit in which the government declines to intervene, the relator may still pursue a suit for the recovery of civil damages and penalties on behalf of the government. Our sales and marketing activities, the pricing of our products and other aspects of our business are subject to extensive regulation under the FFDCA, the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the FCPA and other federal and state statutes, including those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, as well as the Anti-Kickback Statute, anti-bribery laws, the False Claims Act, and similar laws in international jurisdictions. In addition to the potential for changes to relevant laws, the compliance and enforcement landscape is informed by government litigation, settlement precedent, advisory opinions, and special fraud alerts. Our approach to certain practices may evolve over time in light of these types of developments. Requirements or industry standards in the U.S. and certain jurisdictions abroad require pharmaceutical manufacturers to track and disclose financial interactions with healthcare professionals and healthcare providers and can increase government and public scrutiny of such financial interactions. If an interaction is found to be improper, government enforcement actions and penalties could result. Like many companies in our industry, we have from time-to-time received, and may receive in the future, inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information demands from government authorities. In addition, we have been subject to claims and other actions related to our business activities, brought by governmental authorities, as well as consumers and private payors. In some instances, we have incurred significant expense, civil payments, fines and other adverse consequences as a result of these claims, actions and inquiries. Such claims, actions and inquiries may relate to alleged non-compliance with laws and regulations associated with the dissemination of product (approved and unapproved) information, potentially resulting in government enforcement action and reputational damage. This risk may be heightened by digital marketing, including social media, mobile applications and blogger outreach. In connection with the resolution of a U.S. government investigation concerning independent copay assistance organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients, in 2018, we entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement (CIA) with the Office of the Inspector General of the HHS (OIG), which expired in May 2023. Pfizer submitted its final annual report and is awaiting a response from the OIG. We and certain of our subsidiaries are also subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business relating to legal claims and proceedings, including environmental contingencies. Amounts recorded for legal and environmental contingencies can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. While we have accrued for Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 21 worldwide legal liabilities, no guarantee exists that additional costs will not be incurred or additional payments will not be required beyond the amounts accrued. For additional information, including information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved in, see Note 16A . RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, TECHNOLOGY AND SECURITY: INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION Our success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, including patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. If we fail to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from launching generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, from using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. Our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in issued patents or be granted on a timely basis. Similarly, any term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all, and any term adjustments related to patent office delays in obtaining a patent may be reduced or eliminated entirely due to risks associated with changes in law relating to patent terms. In addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against claims regarding validity, enforceability, scope and effective term made by parties with similar technologies or products or provide us with any competitive advantage, including exclusivity in a particular product area. Further, legal or regulatory action by various stakeholders or governments could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection for or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property related to our products. The WTO continues to address the role of intellectual property in the context of the COVID-19 response. This includes the June 2022 Ministerial Decision on the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, which seeks to make it easier for certain WTO members to issue a compulsory license on COVID-19 vaccines, and discussions continue on whether to expand that decision to COVID-19 therapeutics and diagnostics. The scope of our patent claims also may vary between countries, as individual countries have distinct patent laws, and our ability to enforce our patents depends on the laws of each country, its enforcement practices, and the extent to which certain countries engage in policies or practices that weaken a country’s intellectual property framework (e.g., laws or regulations that promote or provide broad discretion to issue a compulsory license). In countries that provide some form of regulatory exclusivity, mechanisms exist permitting some form of challenge to our patents by competitors or generic drug marketers prior to or immediately following the expiration of such regulatory exclusivity, and generic companies are employing aggressive strategies, such as “at-risk” launches that challenge our patent rights. Most of the suits involve claims by generic drug manufacturers that patents covering our products, uses, processes or dosage forms are invalid and/or do not cover the product of the generic or biosimilar drug manufacturer. Independent actions have been filed alleging that our assertions of, or attempts to enforce, patent rights with respect to certain products constitute unfair competition and/or violations of antitrust laws. Such claims may also be brought as counterclaims to actions we bring to enforce our patents. We are also party to other patent damages suits in various jurisdictions pursuant to which generic drug manufacturers, payors, governments or other parties are seeking damages from us for alleged delay of generic entry. We also are often involved in other proceedings, such as inter partes review, post-grant review, re-examination or opposition proceedings, before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the European Patent Office, or other foreign counterparts relating to our intellectual property or the intellectual property rights of others. Also, if one of our patents or a competitors’ patents is found to be invalid in such proceedings, generic or biosimilar products could be introduced into the market resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. For additional information, including information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Note 16A1 . Further, if we are unable to maintain our existing license agreements or other agreements pursuant to which third parties grant us rights to intellectual property, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. We currently hold trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending in many jurisdictions, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the trademark. As our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks and trade dress to differentiate us from our competitors increases and, as a result, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our rights. We seek to protect our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, by requiring our employees, consultants, other advisors and other third parties to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their relationship with us. Despite these efforts and precautions, we may be unable to prevent a third-party from copying or otherwise obtaining and using our trade secrets or our other intellectual property without authorization, and legal remedies may not adequately compensate us for the damages caused by such unauthorized use. Further, others may independently and lawfully develop substantially similar or identical products that circumvent our intellectual property by means of alternative designs or processes or otherwise. THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS A properly functioning intellectual property regime is essential to our business model. We are committed to respecting the valid intellectual property rights of other companies, but the patent granting process is imperfect. Accordingly, the pursuit of valid business opportunities may require us to challenge intellectual property rights held by others that we believe were improperly granted, including challenges through negotiation and litigation, and such challenges may not always be successful. Part of our business depends upon identifying biosimilar opportunities and launching products to take advantage of those opportunities, which may involve litigation, associated costs and time delays, and may ultimately not be successful. These opportunities may arise in situations where patent protection of equivalent branded products has expired or been declared invalid, or where products do not infringe the patents of others. In some circumstances we may take action, such as litigation, asserting that our products do not infringe patents of existing products or that those patents are invalid or unenforceable in order to achieve a “first-to-market” or early market position for our products. Third parties may claim that our products infringe one or more patents owned or controlled by them. Claims of intellectual property infringement can be costly and time-consuming to resolve, may delay or prevent product launches, and may result in significant royalty payments or damages or potential licensing agreements. For example, our R&D in a therapeutic area may not be first and another company or entity may have obtained relevant patents before us. We are involved in patent-related disputes with third parties over our attempts to market pharmaceutical products, including related to Abrysvo, Comirnaty and Paxlovid. As we expand our mRNA portfolio, patent-related disputes may increase. Once we have final regulatory approval of the related products, we may decide to commercially market these products even though associated legal proceedings (including any appeals) have not been resolved (i.e., “at-risk” launch). If one of our marketed products (or a product of our Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 22 collaboration/licensing partners to which we have licenses or co-promotion rights) is found to infringe valid patent rights of a third party, such third party may be awarded significant damages or royalty payments, or we may be prevented from further sales of that product. Such damages may be enhanced as much as three-fold if we or one of our subsidiaries is found to have willfully infringed valid patent rights of a third party. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND SECURITY Significant disruptions of IT systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business. We extensively rely upon sophisticated IT systems (including cloud services) to operate our business. We produce, collect, process, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information (including personal information and intellectual property), and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of such confidential information. We develop and operate digital systems to engage patients, healthcare providers, governments, payors and supply chain partners to conduct business and deliver medicines, digital diagnostics, clinical trials and digital therapies. Such systems include mobile applications, wearable devices, internet websites and other digital technologies that may be targets of attack. We have outsourced significant elements of our operations, including significant elements of our IT infrastructure and, as a result, we manage relationships with many third-party providers who may or could have access to our confidential information. We rely on technology developed, supplied and/or maintained by third-parties that may make us vulnerable to “supply chain” style cyber-attacks. Further, technology and security vulnerabilities of acquisitions, business partners or third-party providers may not be identified during due diligence or soon enough to mitigate exploitation. The size and complexity of our IT and information security systems, and those of our third-party providers (and the large amounts of confidential information that is present on them), make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by, but not limited to, our employees, contingent workers, service providers, business partners, customers or malicious attackers. As a global pharmaceutical company, our systems and assets are the target of frequent cyber-attacks. Such cyber-attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication, including the use of adversarial artificial intelligence techniques, and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage, extortion, property destruction and personal information theft) and expertise, including, but not limited to, organized criminal groups, “hacktivists,” nation states, employees, business partners and others. Due to the nature of some of these attacks, there is a risk that they may remain undetected for a period of time. While we have invested in the protection of data and IT and develop and maintain systems and controls, our efforts, like those of other similar companies, have not always and may not in the future prevent service interruptions, extortion, theft of confidential, personal or proprietary information, compromise of data integrity or unauthorized information disclosure. Any technology service interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of personal data, confidential information or intellectual property. Such incidents could require disclosure to government authorities and/or regulators and could require notification to impacted individuals and any incident could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Artificial intelligence-based software is increasingly being used in the biopharmaceutical and global healthcare industries. As with many developing technologies, artificial intelligence-based software presents risks and challenges. For example, algorithms may be flawed; data sets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information; and inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users could impair results. If the analyses that artificial intelligence-based applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability and brand or reputational harm. Furthermore, use of artificial intelligence-based software may lead to the release of confidential information which may impact our ability to realize the benefits of our intellectual property. GENERAL RISKS BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES AND STRATEGIC GOALS We have established significant growth goals, which we plan to achieve, in part, by not only advancing our own product pipelines and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various forms of business development activities, which can include alliances, licenses, JVs, collaborations, equity- or debt-based investments, dispositions, divestments, mergers and acquisitions. Our recent acquisition of Seagen is part of that growth plan. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. The success of our business development activities is dependent on the availability and accurate evaluation of appropriate opportunities, competition from others that are seeking similar opportunities and our ability to successfully identify, structure and execute transactions, including the ability to satisfy closing conditions in the anticipated timeframes or at all, and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and develop and commercialize acquired products. Pursuing, executing and consummating these transactions may require substantial investment, which may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which has in the past and could in the future result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings and could limit our ability to obtain future financing. We have incurred substantial indebtedness to fund our recent acquisition of Seagen. We financed a portion of the transaction with the proceeds from the $31 billion of long-term debt issued in May 2023, plus $8 billion in additional short-term indebtedness issued prior to the acquisition. The amount of debt that we have incurred could have significant consequences including, among other things, reducing our operating or financial flexibility, requiring a portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments and reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business. To the extent we incur additional indebtedness or interest rates increase, these risks could increase further. The success of our business development transactions, including our recent acquisition of Seagen, depends on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions and is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. Unsuccessful clinical trials, regulatory hurdles and commercialization challenges, among other factors, may adversely impact revenue and income contribution from business development transactions, including from acquired products and businesses. We may fail to generate expected revenue growth for our existing products, product pipeline and contribution from these transactions or from acquired products or businesses or we may fail to achieve anticipated cost savings, such as those expected with respect to Seagen, within expected time frames or at all, which may impact our ability to meet our growth objectives. In certain transactions, we may agree to provide certain transition services for an extended period of time, which may divert our focus and resources that would otherwise be invested into maintaining or growing our business. Similarly, the accretive impact anticipated from certain transactions may not be realized or may be delayed. Integration of acquired products or businesses may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, including third-party relationships, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. Further, while we seek to mitigate risks and liabilities through, among other things, due diligence, we may be exposed to risks and liabilities as a result of business development transactions. There is no assurance that we will be able to acquire attractive businesses or enter into strategic business relationships on favorable terms ahead of our competitors, or that such acquisitions or strategic business development relationships will be accretive to earnings or improve our competitive position. Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 23 Where we invest in or otherwise obtain debt or equity securities of third parties in connection with business development transactions, such as our ownership interest in Haleon, we may be unable to direct or influence the management, operational decisions and policies of such companies and the value of the acquired securities will fluctuate and may lose value. Any future distribution or sale of such securities will be subject to prevailing market conditions and other factors, including the size of our ownership stake, at the time of such distribution or sale and there is no assurance as to the price that such securities will ultimately be sold or that such securities will be sold at all. PANDEMICS Pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have impacted and may in the future impact our business, operations and financial condition and results. Related risks and challenges for our business include, among others: uncertainty regarding the severity and duration of a pandemic; impacts to business operations; decreased demand for certain of our products; increased costs of doing business; manufacturing disruptions and delays; supply chain disruptions and shortages, including challenges related to reliance on third-party suppliers resulting in reduced availability of materials or components used in the development, manufacturing, distribution or administration of our products; evolving macroeconomic factors and conditions, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates and recessionary pressures; changes in labor markets, including challenges related to our human capital and talent development; unknown consequences on our business performance and initiatives stemming from the substantial investment of time and other resources to any potential pandemic response; increased difficulty and uncertainty regarding predicting or estimating future performance; pace of post-pandemic recovery, disruption and volatility within the financial or credit markets; and our financial performance in general. COVID-19 The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business going forward will depend on many factors, and we have made certain assumptions regarding COVID-19 for purposes of our operational planning and financial projections, including assumptions regarding the global macroeconomic impact of COVID-19, as well as the demand, revenues, supply, contracts, market share and commercial markets for our current or future COVID-19 products, which remain dynamic. Despite careful tracking and planning, we are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of COVID-19 or our COVID-19 products on our business, operations and financial condition and results due to the uncertainty of future developments. COVID-19 or our COVID-19 products may also affect our business, operations or financial condition and results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider as presenting significant risks. We also face risks and uncertainties related to our efforts to develop and commercialize our COVID-19 products, as well as challenges related to their manufacturing, supply and distribution, including, among others: • the risk that as the market for COVID-19 products becomes more endemic and seasonal, demand for any of our COVID-19 products has and may continue to be reduced or not meet expectations, or may no longer exist, which has and may continue to lead to reduced revenues, excess inventory on-hand and/or in the channel which, for Paxlovid and Comirnaty, has resulted in significant inventory write-offs in 2023 and could continue to result in inventory write-offs or other unanticipated charges; • challenges related to the transition to the commercial market for our COVID-19 products; • uncertainties related to the public’s demand for vaccines, boosters and COVID-19 treatments; • risks related to our ability to accurately forecast and achieve our revenue forecasts for Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines or treatments; • uncertainties inherent in R&D, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as risks associated with pre-clinical and clinical data (including Phase 1/2/3 or Phase 4 data for Comirnaty or any vaccine candidate in the BNT162 program or Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment) in any of our studies in pediatrics, adolescents or adults or real world evidence, including the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical, clinical or safety data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical, clinical or safety data or further information regarding the quality of pre-clinical, clinical or safety data, including by audit or inspection; • the ability to produce comparable clinical or other results for Comirnaty, any vaccine candidate or other vaccines that may result from the BNT162 program, Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment or any other COVID-19 program, including the rate of effectiveness and/or efficacy, safety and tolerability profile observed to date, in additional analyses of the Phase 3 trial for any such products and additional studies, in real-world data studies or in larger, more diverse populations following commercialization; • the ability of Comirnaty or any future vaccine to prevent, or Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment to be effective against, COVID-19 caused by emerging virus variants; • the risk that use of Comirnaty or Paxlovid will lead to new information about efficacy, safety or other developments, including the risk of additional adverse reactions, some of which may be serious; • the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities; • whether and when additional data from the BNT162 program, Paxlovid or other COVID-19 programs will be published in scientific journal publications and, if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations; • whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from existing or future pre-clinical and clinical studies; • whether and when submissions to request emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations for Comirnaty or any future vaccines in additional populations, for a potential booster dose for Comirnaty, or any potential future vaccine or vaccine candidates (including potential future annual boosters or re-vaccinations), and/or biologics license and/or EUA applications or amendments to any such applications may be filed in particular jurisdictions for Comirnaty or any other potential vaccine or vaccine candidates, and if obtained, whether or when such EUA or licenses, or existing EUAs, will expire or terminate; • whether and when submissions to request emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations for Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment and/or any drug applications and/or EUA applications or amendments to any such applications for any indication for Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment may be filed in particular jurisdictions, and if obtained, whether or when such EUA or licenses, or existing EUAs, will expire or terminate; • whether and when any application that may be pending or filed for Comirnaty, any vaccine candidate or other vaccines that may result from the BNT162 program, Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment or any other COVID-19 program may be approved by particular regulatory Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 24 authorities, which will depend on myriad factors, including making a determination as to whether the vaccine’s or drug’s benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the vaccine’s or drug’s efficacy and, if approved, whether it will be commercially successful; • decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of any vaccine or drug, including the authorization or approval of products or therapies developed by other companies; • disruptions in the relationships between us and our collaboration partners, clinical trial sites or third-party suppliers, including our relationship with BioNTech; • the risk that other companies may produce competitive products that may be superior in terms of efficacy, safety, affordability, convenience, or a number of other competitive factors; • risks related to the availability or cost of raw materials to manufacture or test any such products; • challenges related to our vaccine’s formulation and attendant storage, distribution and administration requirements, including risks related to storage and handling after delivery by us; • challenges and risks related to medication errors such as prescribing or dispensing the wrong strength, improper dosing and self-administration errors; • the risk that we may not be able to successfully develop other vaccine formulations, booster doses or potential future vaccines, potential combination respiratory vaccines or next generation COVID-19 treatments; • the risk that we may not be able to recoup costs associated with our R&D and manufacturing efforts; • risks associated with any changes in the way we approach or provide research funding for the BNT162 program, Paxlovid or any other COVID-19 program; • challenges and risks associated with the pace of our development programs; • the risk that we may not be able to maintain manufacturing capacity or access to logistics or supply channels commensurate with global demand for our COVID-19 products, which would negatively impact our ability to supply our COVID-19 products within the projected time periods; • whether and when additional supply or purchase agreements will be reached or existing agreements will be modified; • uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain recommendations from vaccine or treatment advisory or technical committees and other public health authorities and uncertainties regarding the commercial impact of any such recommendations; • pricing and access challenges for such products; • challenges related to public confidence in, or awareness of Comirnaty, Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 product candidates, including challenges driven by misinformation or disinformation, access, concerns about clinical data integrity, or prescriber and pharmacy education; • trade restrictions; and • the risk that we may owe third-party royalties or other adverse outcomes from existing litigation related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid, or have additional other claims asserted related to Comirnaty or Paxlovid. Certain of these risks and uncertainties also apply to our COVID-19 and influenza diagnostic tests. CLIMATE CHANGE AND SUSTAINABILITY Pfizer is subject to transitional and physical risks related to climate change. Transitional risks include, for example, a disorderly global transition away from fossil fuels that may result in increased energy prices; customer preference for low or no-carbon products; stakeholder pressure to decarbonize assets; or new legal or regulatory requirements that result in new or expanded carbon pricing, taxes, restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, and increased greenhouse gas disclosure and transparency. These risks could increase operating costs, including the cost of our electricity and energy use, or otherwise increase compliance costs. Physical risks to our operations include water stress and drought; flooding and storm surge; wildfires; extreme temperatures and storms, which could impact pharmaceutical production, increase costs, or disrupt supply chains of medicines for patients. For example, our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC was damaged by a tornado in July 2023. While manufacturing has resumed, the supply of medicines impacted by the tornado is expected to be affected through 2024. For additional details on the impact of the tornado in Rocky Mount, NC, see the Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook — Our Operating Environment section within MD&A. Our supply chain is subject to these same transitional and physical risks and would likely pass along any increased costs to us. In June 2022, Pfizer established our fourth consecutive greenhouse gas reduction goal with new near- and long-term targets to achieve the Science Based Target Initiative’s voluntary Net-Zero Standard by 2040. While we are working to develop and implement emission reduction plans to achieve our voluntary climate goals, various factors, including the long time horizons and commercial availability of new technologies to enable the emission reductions, in the time and scale needed, may present inherent risk in our ability to meet these goals. Additionally, success may depend on the actions of governments and third parties and may require, among other things, significant capital investment; R&D; and government policies and incentives to foster innovation and reduce costs of technologies that may not currently exist or be available at scale. Governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations, customers, investors, employees, and other stakeholders are increasingly sensitive to ESG matters, such as equitable access to medicines and vaccines, product quality and safety, diversity, equity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, value chain environmental and social due diligence, corporate governance and transparency, and addressing human capital factors in our operations. In addition, governments and the public expect companies like us to report on our business practices with respect to human rights, responsible sourcing and environmental impact, as well as the actions of our third-party contractors and suppliers around the world. This focus on ESG matters may lead to new expectations or requirements that could result in increased costs associated with research, development, manufacture, or distribution of our products. Our ability to compete could also be affected by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as growing demand for companies to establish validated Net Zero targets or offer more sustainable products. While we strive to improve our ESG performance and meet our voluntary goals, if we do not meet, or are perceived not to meet, our goals or other stakeholder expectations in key ESG areas, we risk negative stakeholder reaction, including from proxy advisory services, as well as damage to our brand and reputation, reduced demand for our products or other negative impacts on our business and operations. While we monitor a broad range of ESG matters, we cannot be certain that we will manage such matters successfully, or that we will successfully meet the expectations of investors, employees, consumers, governments and other stakeholders. Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 25 MARKET FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR EQUITY AND OTHER INVESTMENTS Changes in the fair value of certain equity investments that are recognized in net income may result in increased volatility of our income. See Note 4 and the Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk section within MD&A. Our pension benefit obligations and postretirement benefit obligations are subject to volatility from changes in the fair value of equity investments and other investment risk in the assets funding these plans, as well as changes in the appropriate discount rate. See the Significant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions — Benefit Plans section within MD&A and Note 11 . COST AND EXPENSE CONTROL AND NONORDINARY EVENTS Growth in costs and expenses, changes in product and geographic mix and the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, internal reorganizations, product withdrawals, recalls and other unusual events that could result from evolving business strategies, evaluation of asset realization and organizational restructuring could adversely affect future results. Such risks and uncertainties include, in particular, our ability to realize the projected benefits of our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, including our enterprise-wide cost realignment program, other corporate strategic initiatives and any acquisitions, divestitures or other initiatives, as well as potential disruption of ongoing business, such as potential impacts on our ability to deliver on our pipeline as planned. Additionally, as a result of these initiatives, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge or intellectual property and/or inefficiency, adverse effects on employee morale, loss of key employees and/or other retention issues during transitional periods. Reorganizations and restructurings can require a significant amount of time and focus, which may divert attention from operating and growing our business. If we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of restructuring, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, GOODWILL AND EQUITY-METHOD INVESTMENTS Our consolidated balance sheet contains significant amounts of intangible assets, including IPR&D and goodwill. For IPR&D assets, the risk of failure is significant, and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield successful products. Our ability to realize value on these significant investments is often contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals and market acceptance. As such, IPR&D assets may become impaired and/or be written off in the future if the associated R&D effort is abandoned or is curtailed. See Note 4 for a discussion of recent impairments of IPR&D assets . For goodwill, all reporting units can confront events and circumstances that can lead to a goodwill impairment charge such as, among other things, unanticipated competition, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, a significant adverse change in legal matters or in the business climate and/or a failure to replace the contributions of products that lose exclusivity. Our other intangible assets, including developed technology rights and brands, face similar risks for impairment. Our equity-method investments may also be subject to impairment charges that may result from the occurrence of unexpected adverse events or management decisions that impact our estimates of expected cash flows to be generated from these investments. We may recognize impairment charges as a result of a weak economic environment, events related to particular customers or asset types, challenging market conditions or decisions by management. Any such impairment charge of our intangible assets, goodwill and equity-method investments may be significant. For additional details, see the S ignificant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions — Asset Impairments section within MD&A. CHANGES IN LAWS AND ACCOUNTING STANDARDS Our future results could be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, changes in accounting standards, tax laws and regulations internationally and in the U.S. (including, among other things, the IRA, changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, the adoption of global minimum taxation requirements outside the U.S. generally effective in most jurisdictions since January 1, 2024 and potential changes to existing tax law by the current U.S. Presidential administration and Congress, including the proposed “Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act of 2024”), competition laws, privacy laws and environmental laws in the U.S. and other countries. For additional information on changes in tax laws or rates or accounting standards, see the Provision/(Benefit) for Taxes on Income and New Accounting Standards sections within MD&A and Note 1B . ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Managing cybersecurity risk is a crucial part of our overall strategy for safely operating our business. We incorporate cybersecurity practices into our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) approach, which is subject to oversight by our BOD. Our cybersecurity policies and practices are aligned with relevant industry standards. Consistent with our overall ERM program and practices, our cybersecurity program includes: • Vigilance : We maintain a global cybersecurity operation that endeavors to detect, prevent, contain, and respond to cybersecurity threats and incidents in a prompt and effective manner with the goal of minimizing business disruptions. • External Collaboration : We collaborate with public and private entities, including intelligence and law enforcement agencies, industry groups and third-party service providers to identify, assess and mitigate cybersecurity risks. • Systems Safeguards : We deploy technical safeguards that are designed to protect our information systems, products, operations and sensitive information from cybersecurity threats. These include firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, disaster recovery capabilities, malware and ransomware prevention, access controls and data protection. We continuously conduct vulnerability assessments to identify new risks and periodically test the efficacy of our safeguards through both internal and external penetration tests. • Education : We provide periodic training for all personnel regarding cybersecurity threats, with such training appropriate to the roles, responsibilities and access of the relevant Company personnel. Our policies require all workers to report any real or suspected cybersecurity events. • Supplier Ecosystem Management : We extend our cybersecurity management control expectations to our supply chain ecosystem, as applicable. This includes identifying cybersecurity risks presented by third parties. • Incident Response Planning : We have established, and maintain and periodically test, incident response plans that direct our response to cybersecurity events and incidents. Such plans include the protocol by which material incidents would be communicated to executive management, our BOD, external regulators and shareholders. • Enterprise-Wide Coordination : We engage experts from across the Company to identify emerging risks and respond to cybersecurity threats. This cross-functional approach includes personnel from our R&D, manufacturing, commercial, technology, legal, compliance, internal audit and other business functions. Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 26 • Governance : Our BOD’s oversight of cybersecurity risk management is led by the Audit Committee, which oversees our ERM program. Cybersecurity threats, risks and mitigation are periodically reviewed by the Audit Committee and such reviews include both internal and independent assessment of risks, controls and effectiveness. Our risk assessment efforts have indicated that we are a target for theft of intellectual property, financial resources, personal information, and trade secrets from a wide range of actors including nation states, organized crime, malicious insiders and activists. The impacts of attacks, abuse and misuse of Pfizer’s systems and information include, without limitation, loss of assets, operational disruption and damage to Pfizer’s reputation. A key element of managing cybersecurity risk is the ongoing assessment and testing of our processes and practices through auditing, assessments, drills and other exercises focused on evaluating the sufficiency and effectiveness of our risk mitigation. We regularly engage third parties to perform assessments of our cybersecurity measures, including information security maturity assessments and independent reviews of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness. Certain results of such assessments and reviews are reported to the Audit Committee and the BOD, as appropriate, and we make adjustments to our cybersecurity processes and practices as necessary based on the information provided by the third-party assessments and reviews. The Audit Committee oversees cybersecurity risk management, including the policies, processes and practices that management implements to prevent, detect and address risks from cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee receives regular briefings on cybersecurity risks and risk management practices, including, for example, recent developments in the external cybersecurity threat landscape, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, third-party and independent reviews, technological trends and considerations arising from our supplier ecosystem. The Audit Committee may also promptly receive information regarding any material cybersecurity incident that may occur, including any ongoing updates regarding the same. The Audit Committee periodically discusses our approach to cybersecurity risk management with our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). Our CISO is a member of our management team who is principally responsible for overseeing our cybersecurity risk management program, in partnership with other business leaders across the Company. The CISO works in coordination with other members of the management team, including, among others, the Chief Digital Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Compliance and Risk Officer and the General Counsel and their designees. We believe our business leaders have the appropriate expertise, background and depth of experience to manage risks arising from cybersecurity threats. Our CISO, along with leaders from our privacy and corporate compliance functions, collaborate to implement a program designed to manage our exposure to cybersecurity risks and to promptly respond to cybersecurity incidents. Prompt response to incidents is delivered by multi-disciplinary teams in accordance with our incident response plan. Through ongoing communications with these teams during incidents, the CISO monitors the triage, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents, and reports such incidents to executive management, the Audit Committee and other Pfizer colleagues in accordance with our cybersecurity policies and procedures, as is appropriate. As of the date of this Form 10-K, we are not aware of any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition at this time. For further discussion of the risks associated with cybersecurity incidents, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors—Information Technology and Security section in this Form 10-K. 