Item 1A. Risk Factors section in this Form 10-K. Therefore, you are cautioned not to unduly rely on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities law. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ are identified below, as well as those discussed in the Item 1A. Risk Factors section in this Form 10-K and within MD&A. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The occurrence of any of the risks identified below, in the Item 1A. Risk Factors section in this Form 10-K, or within MD&A, or other risks currently unknown, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, or we may be required to increase our accruals for contingencies. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties: Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations, and Business Development: • the outcome of R&D activities, including, the ability to meet anticipated pre-clinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, and/or regulatory approval and/or launch dates; the possibility of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, including the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data; risks associated with preliminary, early stage or interim data; the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities; and whether and when additional data from our pipeline programs will be published in scientific journal publications, and if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations; • our ability to successfully address comments received from regulatory authorities such as the FDA or the EMA, or obtain approval for new products and indications from regulators on a timely basis or at all; regulatory decisions impacting labeling, including the scope of indicated patient populations, product dosage, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters, including decisions relating to emerging developments regarding potential product impurities; the impact of, or uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain, recommendations by technical or advisory committees; and the timing of pricing approvals and product launches; • claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety or efficacy of in-line products and product candidates, including claims and concerns that may arise from the outcome of post-approval clinical trials, which could impact marketing approval, product labeling, and/or availability or commercial potential, including uncertainties regarding the commercial or other impact of the results of the Xeljanz ORAL Surveillance (A3921133) study or actions by regulatory authorities based on analysis of ORAL Surveillance or other data, including on other JAK inhibitors in our portfolio; • the success and impact of external business development activities, including the ability to identify and execute on potential business development opportunities; the ability to satisfy the conditions to closing of announced transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of any such transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 1 potential need for and impact of additional equity or debt financing to pursue these opportunities, which could result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings; challenges integrating the businesses and operations; disruption to business and operations relationships; risks related to growing revenues for certain acquired products; significant transaction costs; and unknown liabilities; • competition, including from new product entrants, in-line branded products, generic products, private label products, biosimilars and product candidates that treat or prevent diseases and conditions similar to those treated or intended to be prevented by our in-line products and product candidates; • the ability to successfully market both new and existing products, including biosimilars; • difficulties or delays in manufacturing, sales or marketing; supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on; and legal or regulatory actions; • the impact of public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) on our business, operations and financial condition and results, including impacts on our employees, manufacturing, supply chain, sales and marketing, R&D and clinical trials; • risks and uncertainties related to our efforts to continue to develop and commercialize Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines or treatments, as well as challenges related to their manufacturing, supply and distribution; • risks related to our ability to achieve our revenue forecasts for Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines or treatments, including, among other things, whether and when additional supply or purchase agreements will be reached and the risk that demand for any products may be reduced, no longer exist or not meet expectations, which may lead to excess inventory on-hand and/or in the channel or reduced revenues; • trends toward managed care and healthcare cost containment, and our ability to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or favorable formulary placement for our products; • interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the impact of possible currency devaluations and monetary policy actions in countries experiencing high inflation rates; • any significant issues involving our largest wholesale distributors or government customers, which account for a substantial portion of our revenues; • the impact of the increased presence of counterfeit medicines or vaccines in the pharmaceutical supply chain; • any significant issues related to the outsourcing of certain operational and staff functions to third parties; and any significant issues related to our JVs and other third-party business arrangements; • uncertainties related to general economic, political, business, industry, regulatory and market conditions including, without limitation, uncertainties related to the impact on us, our customers, suppliers and lenders and counterparties to our foreign-exchange and interest-rate agreements of challenging global economic conditions, such as inflation, and recent and possible future changes in global financial markets; • any changes in business, political and economic conditions due to actual or threatened terrorist activity, geopolitical instability, civil unrest or military action; • the impact of product recalls, withdrawals and other unusual items, including uncertainties related to regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, including our ongoing evaluation of our product portfolio for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines; • trade buying patterns; • the risk of an impairment charge related to our intangible assets, goodwill or equity-method investments; • the impact of, and risks and uncertainties related to, restructurings and internal reorganizations, as well as any other corporate strategic initiatives and growth strategies, and cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, each of which requires upfront costs but may fail to yield anticipated benefits and may result in unexpected costs or organizational disruption; • the ability to successfully achieve our climate goals and progress our environmental sustainability priorities; Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings : • the impact of any U.S. healthcare reform or legislation or any significant spending reductions or cost controls affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs, including the IRA, or changes in the tax treatment of employer-sponsored health insurance that may be implemented; • U.S. federal or state legislation or regulatory action and/or policy efforts affecting, among other things, pharmaceutical product pricing, intellectual property, reimbursement or access or restrictions on U.S. direct-to-consumer advertising; limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders; as well as pricing pressures for our products as a result of highly competitive insurance markets; • legislation or regulatory action in markets outside of the U.S., including China, affecting pharmaceutical product pricing, intellectual property, reimbursement or access, including, in particular, continued government-mandated reductions in prices and access restrictions for certain biopharmaceutical products to control costs in those markets; • the exposure of our operations globally to possible capital and exchange controls, economic conditions, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, the impact of political or civil unrest or military action, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and its economic consequences, unstable governments and legal systems, inter-governmental disputes and natural disasters or disruptions related to climate change; • legal defense costs, insurance expenses, settlement costs and contingencies, including those related to actual or alleged environmental contamination; • the risk and impact of an adverse decision or settlement and the risk related to adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings; • the risk and impact of tax related litigation and investigations; • governmental laws and regulations affecting our operations, including, without limitation, the recently enacted IRA, changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, changes in tax laws and regulations internationally and in the U.S., Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 2 the adoption of global minimum taxation requirements outside the U.S. and potential changes to existing tax law by the current U.S. Presidential administration and Congress. Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Technology and Security: • any significant breakdown or interruption of our IT systems and infrastructure (including cloud services); • any business disruption, theft of confidential or proprietary information, security threats on facilities or infrastructure, extortion or integrity compromise resulting from a cyber-attack or other malfeasance by, but not limited to, nation states, employees, business partners or others; • the risk that our currently pending or future patent applications may not be granted on a timely basis or at all, or any patent-term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all; and • risks to our products, patents and other intellectual property, such as: (i) claims of invalidity that could result in LOE; (ii) claims of patent infringement, including asserted and/or unasserted intellectual property claims; (iii) challenges faced by our collaboration or licensing partners to the validity of their patent rights; or (iv) any pressure, or legal or regulatory action by, various stakeholders or governments that could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property rights related to our products, including Comirnaty and Paxlovid. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS ABOUT PFIZER Pfizer Inc. is a research-based, global biopharmaceutical company. We apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives through the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide. We work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. We collaborate with healthcare providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable healthcare around the world. The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 2, 1942. Most of our revenues come from the manufacture and sale of biopharmaceutical products. We believe that our medicines and vaccines provide significant value for healthcare providers and patients, through improved treatment of diseases, improvements in health, wellness and productivity as well as by reducing other healthcare costs, such as emergency room or hospitalization. We seek to enhance the value of our medicines and vaccines and actively engage in dialogues about how we can best work with patients, physicians and payers to prevent and treat disease and improve outcomes. We seek to maximize patient access and evaluate our pricing arrangements and contracting methods with payers to minimize adverse impact on our revenues within the current legal and pricing structures. We are committed to fulfilling our purpose: Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives . Our purpose fuels everything we do and reflects both our passion for science and our commitment to patients. In addition, Pfizer continues to enhance its ESG strategy, which is focused on six areas where we see opportunities to create a meaningful impact: product innovation; equitable access and pricing; product quality and safety; diversity, equity and inclusion; climate change; and business ethics. We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various business development activities. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. We assess our business, assets and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will help advance our business strategy. Our significant recent business development activities in 2022 include, among others: (i) the March 2022 acquisition of Arena, a clinical stage company developing innovative potential therapies for the treatment of several immuno-inflammatory diseases; (ii) the October 2022 acquisition of GBT, a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery, development and delivery of life-changing treatments that provide hope to underserved patient communities, starting with sickle cell disease; and (iii) the October 2022 acquisition of Biohaven, the maker of Nurtec ODT/Vydura (rimegepant), an innovative therapy for both acute treatment of migraine and prevention of episodic migraine in adults. For a further discussion of our strategy and our business development initiatives, see the Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook section within MD&A and Note 2 . COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS In the fourth quarter of 2021, we began managing our commercial operations through a global structure consisting of two operating segments, each led by a single manager: Biopharma, our innovative science-based biopharmaceutical business, and PC1, our global contract development and manufacturing organization and a leading supplier of specialty active pharmaceutical ingredients. Beginning in the third quarter of 2022, we made several organizational changes to further transform our operations to better leverage our expertise in certain areas and in anticipation of potential future new product or indication launches. Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 3 The changes include establishing a new commercial structure within Biopharma, optimizing our end-to-end R&D operations and further prioritizing our internal R&D portfolio, as well as realigning certain enabling and platform functions across the organization to ensure alignment with this new operating structure, which is designed to better support and optimize performance across three broad customer groups as follows: Customer Groups Description Key Products Primary Care Includes: • Former Internal Medicine product portfolio (innovative brands in cardiovascular metabolic, migraine and women’s health, as well as regional brands) • Former Vaccines product portfolio (innovative vaccines across all ages with a pipeline focus on infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need) • Products for COVID-19 prevention and treatment, and potential future mRNA and antiviral products • Eliquis, Nurtec ODT/Vydura and the Premarin family • The Prevnar family, Nimenrix, FSME/IMMUN-TicoVac and Trumenba • Comirnaty • Paxlovid Specialty Care Includes: • Former Inflammation & Immunology product portfolio (innovative brands and biosimilars for chronic immune and inflammatory diseases) • Former Rare Disease product portfolio (innovative brands for a number of therapeutic areas with rare diseases, including amyloidosis, hemophilia, endocrine diseases and sickle cell disease) • Former Hospital portfolio (global portfolio of sterile injectable and anti-infective medicines, excluding Paxlovid) • Xeljanz, Enbrel (outside the U.S. and Canada), Inflectra, Eucrisa/Staquis and Cibinqo • The Vyndaqel family, Oxbryta, BeneFIX and Genotropin • Sulperazon, Medrol, Zavicefta, Zithromax, Vfend and Panzyga Oncology Includes innovative oncology brands of biologics, small molecules, immunotherapies and biosimilars across a wide range of cancers. Ibrance, Xtandi, Inlyta, Retacrit, Lorbrena and Braftovi For additional information on our operating segments and products, including product revenues, see Note 17 , and for additional information on the key operational revenue drivers of our business, see the Analysis of the Consolidated Statements of Income section within MD&A. For a discussion of the risks associated with our dependence on certain of our major products, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors—Concentration section in this Form 10-K. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT R&D is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients’ lives as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies that may be the most impactful for patients. In addition to discovering and developing new products, our R&D efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. Our R&D Priorities and Strategy. Our R&D priorities include: • delivering a pipeline of highly differentiated medicines and vaccines where we have a unique opportunity to bring the most important new therapies to patients in need; • advancing our capabilities that can position us for long-term R&D leadership; and • advancing new models for partnerships with creativity, flexibility and urgency to deliver innovation to patients as quickly as possible. To that end, our R&D primarily focuses on our main therapeutic areas, which are inflammation and immunology, internal medicine, oncology, rare diseases, vaccines, and anti-infectives. While a significant portion of our R&D is internal, we also seek promising chemical and biological lead molecules and innovative technologies developed by others to incorporate into our discovery and development processes or projects, as well as our portfolio. We do so by entering into collaboration, alliance and license agreements with universities, biotechnology companies and other firms as well as through acquisitions and investments. These collaboration, alliance and license agreements and investments allow us to share knowledge, risk and cost. They also enable us to access external scientific and technological expertise, as well as provide us the opportunity to advance our own products and in-licensed or acquired products. For information on certain of these collaborations, alliances and license arrangements and investments, see Note 2 . Our R&D Operations. In 2022, we continued to strengthen our global R&D operations and pursue strategies to improve R&D productivity to achieve a sustainable pipeline that is positioned to deliver value in the near term and over time . Our R&D activity is conducted through various platform functions that operate in parallel within our global operations, including the following: • WRDM. Research units within WRDM are generally responsible for research and early-stage development assets for our business (assets that have not yet achieved proof-of-concept) and are organized by therapeutic area to enhance flexibility, cohesiveness and focus. We can rapidly redeploy resources within a research unit and between various projects to leverage, as necessary, common skills, expertise or focus. Science-based platform-services organizations within WRDM provide technical expertise and other services to various R&D projects and are organized into science-based functions. These organizations allow us to react more quickly and effectively to evolving needs by sharing resources among projects, candidates and targets across therapeutic areas and phases of development. • GPD. Our GPD organization is a unified center for clinical development and regulatory activities that is generally responsible for the clinical development strategy and operational execution of clinical trials for both early- and late-stage clinical assets in Pfizer’s pipeline. We manage R&D operations on a total-company basis through our platform functions described above. Specifically, the Portfolio Management Team (PMT), composed of senior executives, is accountable for aligning resources among all of our WRDM, GPD and R&D projects and for seeking to ensure optimal capital allocation across the innovative R&D portfolio. We believe that this approach also serves to maximize accountability and flexibility. Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 4 We do not disaggregate total R&D expense by development phase or by therapeutic area since, as described above, we do not manage all of  our R&D operations by development phase or by therapeutic area. Further, as we are able to adjust a significant portion of our spending quickly, we believe that any prior-period information about R&D expense by development phase or by therapeutic area would not necessarily be representative of future spending. For additional information, see the Costs and Expenses — Research and Development Expense s section within MD&A and Note 17 . Our R&D Pipeline. The process of drug and biological product discovery from initiation through development and to potential regulatory approval is lengthy and can take more than ten years. As of January 31, 2023, we had the following number of projects in various stages of R&D: Development of a single compound is often pursued as part of multiple programs. While our drug candidates may or may not receive regulatory approval, new candidates entering clinical development phases are the foundation for future products. Information concerning several of our drug candidates in development, as well as supplemental filings for existing products, is set forth in the Product Developments section within MD&A. The discovery and development of drugs, vaccines and biological products are time consuming, costly and unpredictable. For information on the risks associated with R&D, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors—Research and Development section in this Form 10-K. COLLABORATION AND CO-PROMOTION We use collaboration and/or co-promotion arrangements to enhance our development, R&D, sales and distribution of certain biopharmaceutical products, which include, among others, the following: • Comirnaty is an mRNA-based coronavirus vaccine to help prevent COVID-19, which is being jointly developed and commercialized with BioNTech. Pfizer and BioNTech equally share the costs of development for the Comirnaty program. Comirnaty has been granted an approval or an authorization in many countries around the world in populations varying by country. We also share gross profits equally from commercialization of Comirnaty and are working jointly with BioNTech in our respective territories to commercialize the vaccine worldwide (excluding China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), subject to regulatory authorizations or approvals market by market. For discussion on Comirnaty, see the Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook—COVID-19 section within MD&A. • Eliquis (apixaban) is part of the Novel Oral Anticoagulant market and was jointly developed and commercialized with BMS as an alternative treatment option to warfarin in appropriate patients. We fund between 50% and 60% of all development costs depending on the study, and profits and losses are shared equally except in certain countries where we commercialize Eliquis and pay a percentage of net sales to BMS. In certain smaller markets we have full commercialization rights and BMS supplies the product to us at cost plus a percentage of the net sales to end-customers. • Xtandi (enzalutamide) is an androgen receptor inhibitor that blocks multiple steps in the androgen receptor signaling pathway within tumor cells that is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with Astellas. We share equally in the gross profits and losses related to U.S. net sales and also share equally all Xtandi commercialization costs attributable to the U.S. market, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, we share certain development and other collaboration expenses. For international net sales we receive royalties based on a tiered percentage. • Bavencio (avelumab) is a human anti-programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) antibody that is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with Merck KGaA. We jointly fund the majority of development and commercialization costs and split profits equally related to net sales generated from any products containing avelumab. • Orgovyx (relugolix) is an oral gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptor antagonist for the treatment of adult patients with advanced prostate cancer that is being developed and commercialized with Myovant. The companies are also collaborating on Myfembree (relugolix 40 mg, estradiol 1.0 mg, and norethindrone acetate 0.5 mg) for heavy menstrual bleeding associated with uterine fibroids in premenopausal women and the management of moderate to severe pain associated with endometriosis in premenopausal women. The companies equally share profits and allowable expenses in the U.S. for Orgovyx, and in the U.S. and Canada for Myfembree, with Myovant bearing our share of allowable expenses up to a maximum of $50 million in 2022. Pfizer does not have rights outside of these markets. Myovant remains responsible for regulatory interactions and drug supply and continues to lead clinical development for the relugolix combination tablet. Revenues associated with these arrangements are included in Alliance revenues (except in certain markets where we have direct sales and except for the majority of revenues for Comirnaty, which are included as direct product revenues). In addition, we have collaboration arrangements for the development and commercialization of certain pipeline products that are in development stage, including, among others, (i) with BioNTech to develop a modified mRNA-based vaccine for the prevention of varicella zoster (Shingles), and (ii) with Valneva to co-develop and commercialize Valneva’s Lyme disease vaccine candidate, VLA15. For further discussion of collaboration and co-promotion agreements, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors—Collaborations and Other Relationships with Third Parties section in this Form 10-K and Notes 2 and 17 . INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS Our operations are conducted globally, and we supply our medicines and vaccines to over 185 countries and territories. Emerging markets are an important component of our strategy for global leadership, and our commercial structure recognizes that the demographics and rising economic power of the fastest-growing emerging markets are becoming more closely aligned with the profile found within developed markets. Urbanization and the rise of the middle class in emerging markets provide potential growth opportunities for our products. Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 5 Revenues from operations outside the U.S. of $57.9 billion accounted for 58% of our total revenues in 2022. Revenues exceeded $500 million in each of 24, 21 and 8 countries outside the U.S. in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in the number of countries exceeding $500 million in revenues in 2022 and 2021 was primarily driven by Comirnaty as well as, in 2022, Paxlovid. As a percentage of revenues, our largest country outside the U.S. was Japan in 2022. For a geographic breakdown of revenues, see the Revenues by Geography section within MD&A and Note 17 B . Our international operations are subject to risks inherent in carrying on business in other countries. For additional information, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Global Operations and Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Price Constraints sections in this Form 10-K. SALES AND MARKETING Our prescription biopharmaceutical products, with the exception of Paxlovid, are sold principally to wholesalers, but we also sell directly to retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies and pharmacies. In 2022, we principally sold Paxlovid to government agencies. In the U.S., we primarily sell our vaccines directly to the federal government, CDC, wholesalers, individual provider offices, retail pharmacies and integrated delivery systems. Outside the U.S., we primarily sell our vaccines to government and non-government institutions. Certain of these government contracts may be renegotiated or terminated at the discretion of a government entity. In addition, our contracts with government and supranational organizations for the sales of Comirnaty and Paxlovid, which are binding contracts, represented a significant amount of revenues in 2022. To date, we primarily sold Comirnaty and Paxlovid globally under government contracts. We expect sales of Comirnaty and Paxlovid in the U.S. will transition to commercial channels in the second half of 2023. We also seek to gain access for our products on formularies, which are lists of approved medicines available to members of healthcare programs or PBMs. PBMs use various benefit designs, such as tiered co-pays for formulary products, to drive utilization of products in preferred formulary positions. We may also work with payers on disease management programs that help to develop tools and materials to educate patients and physicians on key disease areas. For information on our significant customers, see Note 17 C . We promote our products to healthcare providers and patients consistent with applicable laws. Through our marketing organizations, we explain the approved uses, benefits and risks of our products to healthcare providers and patients; MCOs that provide insurance coverage, such as hospitals, integrated delivery systems, PBMs and health plans; and employers and government agencies who hire MCOs to provide health benefits to their employees. In the U.S., we market directly to consumers through direct-to-consumer advertising that seeks to communicate the approved uses, benefits and risks of our products while motivating people to have meaningful conversations with their doctors. In addition, we sponsor general advertising to educate the public on disease awareness, prevention and wellness, important public health issues and our patient assistance programs. As part of our commitment to engaging our customers in the manner they prefer, we took a hybrid approach of virtual and in person engagements and see positive customer response to both approaches. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we adapted our promotional platform by amplifying our digital capabilities to reach healthcare professionals and customers to provide critical education and information, including increasing the scale of our remote engagement. PATENTS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS Patents . We own or license a number of patents covering pharmaceutical and other products, their uses, formulations, and product manufacturing processes. Patents for individual products extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. The scope of protection afforded by a patent can vary from country to country and depends on the patent type, the scope of its patent claims and the availability of legal remedies. Patent term extensions (PTE) may be available in some countries to compensate for a loss of patent term due to delay in a product’s approval due to the regulatory requirements. One of the primary considerations in limiting our operations in some countries outside the U.S. is the lack of effective intellectual property protection for our products, although international and U.S. free trade agreements have included some global protection of intellectual property rights. For additional information, see the Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Price Constraints section in this Form 10-K. In various markets, a period of regulatory exclusivity may be provided for drugs or vaccines upon approval. The scope and term of such exclusivity will vary but, in general, the period will run concurrently with the term of any existing patent rights associated with the drug at the time of approval. Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 6 Based on current sales, and considering the competition with products sold by our competitors, the patent rights we consider most significant in relation to our business as a whole, together with the year in which the basic product patent expires, are as follows: Product U.S. Basic Product Patent Expiration Year (1) Major Europe Basic Product Patent Expiration Year (1) Japan Basic Product Patent Expiration Year (1) Inlyta 2025 2025 2025 Xeljanz 2025 2028 (2) 2025 Prevnar 13/Prevenar 13 2026 (3) 2029 Eliquis (4) 2026 2026 2026 Ibrance 2027 2028 2028 Xtandi (5) 2027 (5) (5) Vyndaqel/Vyndamax/Vynmac 2024                                      (2028 pending PTE) 2026 2026/2029 (6) Xalkori 2029 2027 2028 Nurtec ODT/Vydura 2030                                      (2034 pending PTE) 2030                                      (2035 pending SPC) 2030 (7) Braftovi (8) 2030                                     (2031 pending PTE) (8) (8) Mektovi (8) 2031 (9) (8) (8) Ngenla (10) (7)(11) 2032 (2) 2030 (2) Oxbryta 2033 2032                                     (2037 pending SPC) 2032 (7) Lorbrena 2033 2034 2036 Prevnar 20/Apexxnar 2033                                     (2035 pending PTE) 2033                                      (2037 pending SPC) 2033 (7) Cibinqo 2034                                       (2036 pending PTE) 2034                                      (2036 pending SPC) 2034                                      (2038 pending PTE) Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (12) (12)(13) (12) Paxlovid 2041 2041 2041 Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, Bivalent (Original and Omicron BA.4/BA.5)/ Comirnaty Original/Omicron BA.1 Vaccine (12) (12)(13) (12) (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the years pertain to the basic product patent expiration, including granted PTEs, supplementary protection certificates (SPC) or pediatric exclusivity periods. SPCs are included when granted in three out of five major European markets (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the U.K.). Noted in parentheses is the projected year of expiry of the earliest pending patent term extension in the U.S. or Japan and/or SPC application in Europe, the term of which, if granted, may be shorter than originally requested due to a number of factors. In some instances, there are later-expiring patents relating to our products which may or may not protect our product from generic or biosimilar competition after the expiration of the basic patent. (2) Expiry is provided by regulatory exclusivity in this market. (3) The Europe patent that covers the combination of the 13 serotype conjugates of Prevenar 13 was revoked following an opposition and has now been withdrawn. There are other Europe patents and pending applications covering the formulation, various aspects of the manufacturing process, and the combination of serotype conjugates of Prevenar 13 that remain in force. (4) Eliquis was developed and is being commercialized in collaboration with BMS. In the U.S., we and BMS previously settled certain patent litigations with a number of generic companies permitting their launch of a generic version of Eliquis on April 1, 2028 (the settled generic companies). We continued to litigate against three remaining generic companies and following the resolution of the litigation in our favor, the three generic companies are not permitted to launch their products until the 2031 expiration date of the formulation patent. Both the composition of matter patent expiring in November 2026 and the formulation patent expiring in 2031 may be subject to future challenges. While we cannot predict the outcome of any potential future litigation, there are certain potential alternatives that might occur which could potentially permit generic launch prior to April 1, 2028: (a)  if the formulation patent is held invalid or not infringed in future litigation, through appeal, the settled generic companies and any successful future litigant would be permitted to launch on November 21, 2026; or (b) if both patents are held invalid or not infringed in future litigation, through appeal, the settled generic companies and any successful future litigant could launch products immediately upon such an adverse decision. Refer to Note 16A1 for more information. (5) Xtandi is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with Astellas, which has exclusive commercialization rights for Xtandi outside the U.S. Pfizer receives tiered royalties as a percentage of international Xtandi net sales. (6) Vyndaqel (tafamidis meglumine) basic patent expiry in Japan is August 2026 for treatment of polyneuropathy. Vynmac (tafamidis) was approved in Japan for treatment of cardiomyopathy with regulatory exclusivity expiring in March 2029. (7) Product not yet approved or authorized in this market. (8) We have exclusive rights to Braftovi and Mektovi in the U.S., Canada and certain emerging markets. The Pierre Fabre Group has exclusive rights to commercialize both products in Europe and Ono has exclusive rights to commercialize both products in Japan. We receive royalties from The Pierre Fabre Group and Ono on sales of Braftovi and Mektovi in majority of markets outside the U.S. (9) Mektovi U.S. expiry is provided by a method of use patent. (10) Ngenla is being developed in collaboration with OPKO. (11) Expiry expected to be provided by regulatory exclusivity in this market. (12) The basic product patent application has been filed in these markets. If granted, a full term is expected in these markets. Product is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with BioNTech. (13) Pfizer does not have co-promotion rights for this product in Germany. Loss of Intellectual Property Rights. The loss, expiration or invalidation of intellectual property rights, patent litigation settlements and the expiration of co-promotion and licensing rights can have a material adverse effect on our revenues. Once patent protection has expired or has been lost prior to the expiration date as a result of a legal challenge, we typically lose exclusivity on these products, and generic and biosimilar pharmaceutical manufacturers generally produce identical or highly similar products and sell them for a lower price. The date at which generic or Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 7 biosimilar competition commences may be different from the date that the patent or regulatory exclusivity expires. However, when generic or biosimilar competition does commence, the resulting price competition can substantially decrease our revenues for the impacted products, often in a very short period of time. Also, if one of our product-related patents is found to be invalid by judicial, court or regulatory or administrative proceedings, generic or biosimilar products could be introduced, resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. We continue to vigorously defend our patent rights against infringement, and we will continue to support efforts that strengthen worldwide recognition of patent rights while taking necessary steps to help ensure appropriate patient access. For additional information, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Competitive Products, — Intellectual Property Protection and — Third-Party Intellectual Property Claims sections in this Form 10-K and Note 16 A1 . Certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face increased generic competition over the next few years. For example, the basic product patent for Sutent expired in the U.S. in 2021 and in Europe in 2022. There is no assurance that a particular product will enjoy market exclusivity for the full time period that appears in the estimates included in this Form 10-K or that we assume when we provide our financial guidance. For additional information on the impact of LOEs on our revenues, see the Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook—Our 2022 Performance section within MD&A. Trademarks . Our products are sold under brand-name and logo trademarks and trade dress. Registrations generally are for fixed, but renewable, terms and protection is provided in some countries for as long as the mark is used while in others, for as long as it is registered. Protecting our trademarks is of material importance to Pfizer. COMPETITION Our business is conducted in intensely competitive and often highly regulated markets. Many of our products face competition in the form of branded or generic drugs or biosimilars that treat similar diseases or indications. The principal forms of competition include efficacy, safety, ease of use and cost. Though the means of competition vary among our products, demonstrating the value of our products is a critical factor for success. We compete with other companies that manufacture and sell products that treat or prevent diseases or indications similar to those treated or prevented by our major products. These competitors include other worldwide research-based biopharmaceutical companies, smaller research companies with more limited therapeutic focus and generic drug and biosimilar manufacturers. Our competitors also may devote substantial funds and resources to R&D and their successful R&D could result in erosion of the sales of our existing products and potential sales of products in development, as well as unanticipated product obsolescence. In addition, several of our competitors operate without large R&D expenses and make a regular practice of challenging our product patents before their expiration. To address competitive trends we continually emphasize innovation, which is underscored by our multi-billion-dollar investment in R&D, as well as our business development transactions, both designed to result in a strong and differentiated product pipeline. Our investment in research continues even after drug or vaccine approval as we seek to further demonstrate the value of our products for the conditions they treat or prevent, as well as potential new applications. We educate patients, physicians, payers and global health authorities on the benefits and risks of our medicines and vaccines, and seek to continually enhance the organizational effectiveness of our biopharmaceutical functions, including to accurately and ethically launch and market our products to our customers. Operating conditions have also shifted as a result of increased global competitive pressures, industry regulation and cost containment. We continue to evaluate, adapt and improve our organization and business practices in an effort to better meet customer and public needs. We believe that we have taken an industry-leading role in evolving our approaches to U.S. direct-to-consumer advertising, interactions with, and payments to, healthcare professionals and medical education grants. We also continue to sponsor programs to address patient affordability and access barriers, as we strive to advance fundamental health system change through our support for better healthcare solutions. Our vaccines may face competition, including from the introduction of alternative vaccines or “next-generation” vaccines prior to or after the expiration of their patents, which may adversely affect our future results. Our biosimilars, which include biosimilars of certain inflammation & immunology and oncology biologic medicines, compete with branded products from competitors, as well as other generics and biosimilars manufacturers. We seek to maximize the opportunity to establish a “first-to-market” or early market position for our biosimilars to provide customers a lower-cost alternative immediately when available and also to potentially provide us with higher levels of sales and profitability until other competitors enter the market. Generic Products . Generic pharmaceutical manufacturers pose one of the biggest competitive challenges to our branded small molecule products because they can market a competing version of our product after the expiration or loss of our patent and often charge much less. Several competitors regularly challenge our product patents before their expiration. Generic competitors often operate without large R&D expenses, as well as without costs of conveying medical information about products to the medical community. In addition, the FDA approval process exempts generics from costly and time-consuming clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy, allowing generic manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy data of the innovator product. In China, for example, we expect to continue to face intensified competition by certain generic manufacturers in 2023 and beyond, which may result in price cuts and volume loss of some of our products. In addition, generic versions of competitors’ branded products may also compete with our products. MCOs that focus primarily on the immediate cost of drugs often favor generics over brand-name drugs. Many governments also encourage the use of generics as alternatives to brand-name drugs in their healthcare programs, including Medicaid in the U.S., and U.S. laws generally allow, and in some cases require, pharmacists to substitute generic drugs for brand-name drugs. In a small subset of states, prescribing physicians are able to expressly prevent such substitution. Biosimilars. Certain of our biologic products, including Enbrel (we market Enbrel outside the U.S. and Canada), already face, or may face in the future, competition from biosimilars (also referred to as follow-on biologics). Biosimilars are versions of biologic medicines that have been developed and proven to be highly similar to the original biologic in terms of safety and efficacy and that have no clinically meaningful differences in safety, purity or potency. Biosimilars have the potential to offer high-quality, lower-cost alternatives to innovative biologic medicines. In the U.S., biosimilars referencing innovative biologic products are approved under the U.S. Public Health Service Act. Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 8 PRICING PRESSURES AND MANAGED CARE ORGANIZATIONS Commercial Pricing Pressures. Pricing and access pressures in the commercial sector continue to be significant. Overall, there is increasing pressure on U.S. providers to deliver healthcare at a lower cost and to ensure that those expenditures deliver demonstrated value in terms of health outcomes. Many employers have adopted or make available high deductible health plans, which can increase out-of-pocket costs for medicines. This trend is likely to continue. Private third-party payers, such as health plans, increasingly challenge pharmaceutical product pricing, which could result in lower prices, lower reimbursement rates for payors and a reduction in demand for our products, including denial of coverage of our products, if lower cost alternatives are available. Pricing pressures also may occur as a result of highly competitive insurance markets. Healthcare provider purchasers, directly or through group purchasing organizations, are seeking enhanced discounts or implementing more rigorous bidding or purchasing review processes. Longer term, we foresee a shift among payors and their pharmacy benefits managers in focus away from fee-for-service reimbursement towards outcomes-based payments and risk-sharing arrangements that reward providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers for cost reductions and improved patient outcomes. These new payment models can, at times, lead to lower prices for, and restricted access to, new medicines. At the same time, these models can also promote utilization of drugs by encouraging physicians to screen and diagnose and consider drugs as a means of forestalling more costly medical interventions. Further, these models may also encourage payors and their pharmacy benefits managers to cover higher cost drugs where coverage is tied to patient outcomes and other quality incentives. The impact of COVID-19 and related large-scale healthcare disruptions on the pace of adoption of value-based payment models remains unclear. Both payors and providers may resist adopting such models or choose to adopt such models at a slower pace if the incentives available do not outweigh the financial risk involved. Unprecedented pressures on critical care and the reductions in elective surgeries during the COVID-19 pandemic undermined revenue predictability for hospitals and other institutional providers. As a result, providers may weigh their ability to take on the financial risk of downside value-based payment models. In contrast, providers in more advanced value-based payment models, such as full capitation, a fixed amount paid in advance per patient per unit of time-period, generally found their revenues remained steady during the pandemic, which may ultimately encourage the growth of such models. Going forward, we expect continued focus on value-based payment models that support financial resiliency and advance health care equity by incorporating features intended to reduce disparities in health care quality and access experienced by underrepresented and underserved populations. We believe medicines and vaccines are the most efficient and effective use of healthcare dollars based on the value they deliver to the overall healthcare system. We work with law makers and advocate for solutions that effectively improve patient health outcomes, lower costs to the healthcare system, and help ensure access to medicines and vaccines within an efficient and affordable healthcare system. This includes assessing our go-to market model to address patient affordability challenges. We have engaged with major payors and the U.S. government to explore opportunities to improve access and reimbursement in an effort to drive pro-patient policies. In addition, in response to the evolving U.S. and global healthcare spending landscape, we work with health authorities, health technology assessment and quality measurement bodies and major U.S. payers throughout the product-development process to better understand how these entities value our compounds and products. Further, we are developing stronger support to demonstrate the net value of the medicines and vaccines that we discover or develop, register and manufacture. For information on government pricing pressures, see the Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Price Constraints and Item 1A. Risk Factors — Pricing and Reimbursement sections in this Form 10-K. Managed Care Organizations. The evolution of managed care in the U.S. has been a major factor in the competitiveness of the healthcare marketplace. Approximately 307 million people in the U.S. now have some form of health insurance coverage, and the marketing of prescription drugs and vaccines to both consumers and the entities that manage coverage in the U.S. continues to grow in importance. In particular, the influence of MCOs has increased in recent years due to the growing number of patients receiving coverage through MCOs. At the same time, consolidation in the MCO industry has resulted in fewer, even larger MCOs, which enhances those MCOs’ ability to negotiate lower pricing and further increases their importance to our business. Since MCOs seek to contain and reduce healthcare expenditures, their growing influence has increased downward pressure on drug prices, as well as negatively impacted revenues. MCOs and their PBMs typically negotiate prices with pharmaceutical providers by using formularies (which are lists of approved medicines available to MCO members), clinical protocols (which require prior authorization for a branded product if a generic product is available or require the patient to first fail on one or more generic products before permitting access to a branded medicine), volume purchasing, long-term contracts and their ability to influence volume and market share of prescription drugs. In addition, by placing branded medicines on higher-tier or non-preferred status in their formularies, MCOs transfer to the patient higher patient out-of-pocket expenses. This financial disincentive is a tool for MCOs to manage drug costs and channel patients to medicines preferred by the MCOs. We expect payment reforms for MCOs will continue to evolve with increased emphasis on expanded participation and on removing barriers to equitable health care. The breadth of the products covered by formularies can vary considerably from one MCO to another, and many formularies include alternative and competitive products for treatment of particular medical problems. MCOs emphasize primary and preventive care, out-patient treatment and procedures performed at doctors’ offices and clinics as ways to manage costs. Hospitalization and surgery, typically the most expensive forms of treatment, are carefully managed, and drugs that can help in chronic care management and reduce the need for hospitalization, professional therapy or surgery may become favored first-line treatments for certain diseases. At the same time, MCOs may seek to exclude high-cost drugs from formularies in their efforts to manage and lower their costs. Exclusion of a product from a formulary or other MCO-implemented restrictions can significantly impact drug usage in the MCO patient population and beyond. Consequently, pharmaceutical companies compete to gain access to formularies for their products, typically on the basis of unique product features, such as greater efficacy, better patient ease of use, or fewer side effects, as well as the overall cost of the therapy. We continue to seek to ensure that our major products are included on MCO formularies. However, increasingly our branded products are being placed on the higher tiers or in a non-preferred status. For additional information, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Managed Care Trends section in this Form 10-K. RAW MATERIALS We procure raw materials essential to our business from numerous suppliers worldwide. In general, these materials have been available in sufficient quantities to support our demand and in many cases are available from multiple suppliers. No significant impact to our operations due to the availability of raw materials is currently anticipated in 2023. However, we are seeing an increase in overall demand in the industry for certain components and raw materials, which could potentially result in constraining available supply leading to a possible future impact on our Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 9 business. We are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies in an effort to reduce any potential risk or impact, including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND PRICE CONSTRAINTS We are subject to extensive regulation by government authorities in the countries in which we do business. This includes laws and regulations governing the operations of biopharmaceutical companies, such as the approval, manufacturing and marketing of products, pricing (including discounts and rebates) and data privacy, among others. These laws and regulations may require administrative guidance for implementation, and a failure to comply could subject us to legal and/or administrative actions. Enforcement measures may include substantial fines and/or penalties, orders to stop non-compliant activities, criminal charges, warning letters, product recalls or seizures, delays in product approvals, exclusion from participation in government programs or contracts as well as limitations on conducting business in applicable jurisdictions, and could result in harm to our reputation and business. For additional information, see Note 16 A . Compliance with these laws and regulations may be costly, and may require significant technical expertise and capital investment to ensure compliance. While capital expenditures or operating costs for compliance with government regulations cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently anticipate they will have a material effect on our capital expenditures or competitive position. In the United States Drug and Biologic Regulation . The FDA, pursuant to the FFDCA, the Public Health Service Act and other federal statutes and regulations, extensively regulates pre- and post-marketing activities related to our biopharmaceutical products. The regulations govern areas such as the safety and efficacy of medicines and vaccines, clinical trials, advertising and promotion, quality control, manufacturing, labeling, distribution, post-marketing safety surveillance and reporting, and record keeping. Other U.S. federal agencies, including the DEA, also regulate certain of our products and activities. For a biopharmaceutical company to market a drug or a biologic product, including vaccines, in the U.S., the FDA must evaluate whether the product is safe and effective for its intended use. If the FDA determines that the drug or biologic is safe and effective, the FDA will approve the product’s NDA or BLA (or supplemental NDA or supplemental BLA), as appropriate. A drug or biologic may be subject to postmarketing commitments, which are studies or clinical trials that the product sponsor agrees to conduct, or postmarketing requirements, which are studies or clinical trials that are required as a condition of approval. In addition, we are also required to report adverse events and comply with cGMP (the FDA regulations that govern all aspects of manufacturing quality for pharmaceuticals) and the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (the law that, among other things, sets forth requirements related to product tracing, product identifiers and verification for manufacturers, wholesale distributors, repackagers and dispensers to facilitate the tracing of product through the pharmaceutical distribution supply chain), as well as advertising and promotion regulations. For additional information, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Development, Regulatory Approval and Marketing of Products and — Post-Authorization/Approval Data sections in this Form 10-K. In the context of public health emergencies, like the COVID-19 pandemic, we may apply to the FDA for an EUA, which, if granted, allows for the distribution and use of our products during the declared emergency, in accordance with the conditions set forth in the EUA, unless the EUA is terminated by the government. Although the criteria for an EUA differ from the criteria for approval of an NDA or BLA, EUAs nevertheless require the development and submission of data to satisfy the relevant FDA standards, and a number of ongoing obligations. The FDA generally expects EUA holders to work toward submission of full applications, such as a BLA or an NDA, as soon as possible. Biosimilar Regulation. The FDA is responsible for approval of biosimilars. Innovator biologics, or reference products, are entitled to 12 years exclusivity. Applications for biosimilars may not be submitted until four years after the date on which the reference product was first licensed and may not be approved until 12 years after the reference product was first licensed. Sales and Marketing Regulations . Our marketing practices are subject to state laws, as well as federal laws, such as the Anti-Kickback Statute and False Claims Act, intended to prevent fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits corruptly soliciting, offering, receiving, or paying anything of value to generate business. The False Claims Act generally prohibits anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented, any claims for payment for goods or services, including to government payers, such as Medicare and Medicaid, that are false or fraudulent and generally treat claims generated through kickbacks as false or fraudulent. The federal government and states also regulate sales and marketing activities and financial interactions between manufacturers and healthcare providers, requiring disclosure to government authorities and the public of such interactions, and the adoption of compliance standards or programs. State attorneys general have also taken action to regulate the marketing of prescription drugs under state consumer protection and false advertising laws. Pricing, Reimbursement and Access Regulations. Pricing and reimbursement for our products depend in part on government regulation. Any significant efforts at the federal or state levels to reform the healthcare system by changing the way healthcare is provided or funded or more directly impose controls on drug pricing, government reimbursement, and access to medicines and vaccines on public and private insurance plans could have a material impact on us. In addition, in order to have our products covered by Medicaid, we must offer discounts or rebates on purchases of pharmaceutical products under various federal and state programs. We also must report specific prices to government agencies. The calculations necessary to determine the prices reported are complex and the failure to do so accurately may expose us to enforcement measures. See the discussion regarding rebates in the Revenue Deductions section within MD&A and Note 1 G . Government and private payers routinely seek to manage utilization and control the costs of our products, and there is considerable public and government scrutiny of pharmaceutical pricing. Efforts by states and the federal government to regulate prices or payment for pharmaceutical products, including proposed actions to facilitate drug importation, limit reimbursement to lower international reference prices, require deep discounts, and require manufacturers to report and make public price increases and sometimes a written justification for the increase, could adversely affect our business if implemented. We expect to see continued focus by Congress and the Biden Administration on regulating pricing, which could result in legislative and regulatory changes designed to control costs. For example, in August 2022, the IRA was signed into law, which, among other things, requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023), and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our business, operations and financial condition and results as the full effect of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain. In addition, changes to the Medicaid program or the federal 340B drug pricing program, which imposes ceilings on prices that drug manufacturers can charge for medications sold to certain health care facilities, could have a material impact on our business. For example, Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 10 certain changes finalized by the CMS in December 2020 for the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program may increase our Medicaid liability, including for drugs that are considered to be “new formulations” of existing drugs. Additional changes to the 340B program are undergoing review and their status is unclear. In 2022, we implemented a policy that will help improve contract pharmacy integrity. The HHS has sent letters to numerous manufacturers that have also implemented contract pharmacy integrity initiatives expressing the view that their programs are in violation of the 340B statute, and referring those programs for potential enforcement action. Several manufacturers have challenged HHS’s enforcement letters in federal court and litigation is ongoing in those cases. We believe that our program is consistent with the statute. Additional legal or legislative developments at the federal or state level with respect to the 340B program may have an adverse impact on our integrity initiative, and we may face enforcement action or penalties, depending upon such developments. For additional information, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Pricing and Reimbursement section in this Form 10-K. A majority of states use preferred drug lists to manage access to pharmaceutical products under Medicaid, including some of our products. For example, access to our products under the Medicaid managed care programs typically is determined by the health plans with which state Medicaid agencies contract to provide services to beneficiaries. States seek to control healthcare costs related to Medicaid and other state healthcare programs, including the implementation of supplemental rebate agreements under the Medicaid drug rebate program tied to patient outcomes. States’ budgets were impacted less by the COVID-19 pandemic than expected and are generally growing. However, we expect states will continue to seek cost cutting within Medicaid, which may focus on managed care capitation payments and/or formulary management. States may also advance drug-pricing initiatives with a focus on affordability review boards, financial penalties related to pricing practices, manufacturer pricing and reporting requirements, as well as regulation of prescription drug assistance, copay accumulator, or copay maximizer programs in the commercial market. Payers may promote generic drugs and biosimilars more aggressively to generate savings and attempt to stimulate additional price competition. In addition, we expect that consolidation and integration among pharmacy chains, wholesalers and PBMs will increase pricing pressures in the industry. For additional information, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors — Managed Care Trends section in this Form 10-K. Anti-Corruption. The FCPA prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anti-corruption laws and/or regulations. Data Privacy. The collection and use of personal data by us is increasingly important to our business and is subject to various federal and state privacy and data security laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory and other governmental bodies. Such laws and regulations continue to evolve and are increasingly being enforced vigorously. Outside the United States New Drug Approvals . In the EU, the EMA conducts the scientific evaluation, supervision and safety monitoring of our innovative medicinal products, and employs a centralized procedure for approval for the EU and the European Economic Area (EEA) countries. In the U.K., the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency is the sole regulatory authority. In Japan, the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Device Agency is involved in a wide range of regulatory activities, including clinical studies, approvals, post-marketing reviews and pharmaceutical safety. In China, the National Medical Product Administration is the primary regulatory authority for approving and supervising medicines. Health authorities in many middle- and lower-income countries require marketing approval by a recognized regulatory authority (e.g., the FDA or EMA) before they begin to conduct their application review process and/or issue their final approval. Pharmacovigilance. In the EU, the EMA’s PRAC is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations on product safety issues. Outside developed markets, pharmacovigilance requirements vary and are generally not as extensive, but there is a trend toward increasing regulation. Pricing and Reimbursement . Certain governments, including in the different EU member states, the U.K., Japan, China, Canada and South Korea, provide healthcare at low-to-zero direct cost to consumers at the point of care and have significant power to regulate pharmaceutical prices or patient reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system, particularly under recent global financing pressures. Governments globally may use a variety of measures to control costs, including, among others, proposing price reform or legislation, cross country collaboration and procurement, price cuts, mandatory rebates, health technology assessments, forced localization as a condition of market access, “international reference pricing” (i.e., the practice of a country linking its regulated medicine prices to those of other countries), QCE processes and VBP. In addition, the international patchwork of price regulation, differing economic conditions and incomplete value assessments across countries has led to varying access to quality medicines in many markets and some third-party trade in our products between countries. Several important multilateral organizations such as the World Health Organization are increasing scrutiny of international pharmaceutical pricing through policy recommendations and sponsorship of programs, such as “The Oslo Medicines Initiative” which aims to ensure “affordability for high-priced medicines”. In November 2020, the EC published its Pharmaceutical Strategy for Europe which envisions a broad range of new initiatives and legislation including a significant focus on tackling the persisting inequalities on access, affordability and availability of medicines across the EU. In China, pricing pressures have increased in recent years because of an overall focus on healthcare cost containment with the central government emphasizing improved health outcomes and decreased drug prices as key indicators of progress towards its healthcare reform. For patented products, drug prices have decreased dramatically as a result of adding innovative drugs (including oncology medicines and orphan drugs) to the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) via access-price negotiation. In the off-patent space, numerous local generics have been officially deemed bioequivalent under a QCE process that required generic drugs to pass a test to assess their bioequivalence to a qualified reference drug (typically the originator drug). A centralized VBP program—a tendering process where a certain portion of included molecule volumes are guaranteed to tender winners—aims to contain healthcare costs by driving utilization of generics that have passed QCE. This has resulted in further lowering the price of medicines, especially off-patent medicines; this trend is expected to continue. Furthermore, the Chinese government has promulgated price bidding rules in June 2022 for enlisting off-patent products (excluding VBP products and certain products directly priced by government) onto the NRDL with the goal of unifying the reimbursement price between QCE-approved generic medicines and the applicable original medicines. Pfizer, along with most off-patent originators, have mostly not been successful in the VBP bidding process. The government has indicated that additional post-LOE drugs (including biological products) could be subjected to VBP qualification in future rounds. Certain of our products, such as Sulperazon and Vfend injectables, are likely to be included in future rounds. While certain details of future QCE expansion have been made available, we are unable to determine the impact on our business and financial condition until the initiation of these future rounds. Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 11 Healthcare Provider Transparency and Disclosures. Several countries have implemented laws requiring (or industry trade associations have recommended) disclosure of transfers of value made by pharmaceutical companies to healthcare providers and/or healthcare organizations, such as academic teaching hospitals. Intellectual Property . Reliable patent protection and enforcement around the world are among the key factors we consider for continued business and R&D investment. The WTO Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (WTO-TRIPS) requires participant countries to provide patent and other intellectual property-related protection for pharmaceutical products by law, with a time-limited exemption provided for least-developed countries. While some countries have made improvements, we still face patent grant, enforcement and other intellectual property challenges in many countries. While the global intellectual property policy environment has generally improved following implementation of WTO-TRIPS and bilateral/multilateral trade agreements, our growth and ability to bring new product innovation to patients depends on further progress in intellectual property protection. In certain developed international markets, governments maintain relatively effective intellectual property policies. However, in the EU, pursuant to the ongoing review of pharmaceutical intellectual property and regulatory incentives, legislative proposals expected to be introduced in 2023 may result in the reduction of certain protections. In several emerging market countries, governments have used intellectual property policies as a tool to force innovators to accept less than fair value for medicines, as well as to advance industrial policy and localization goals. The WTO continues to address the role of intellectual property in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic response. This includes the June 2022 Ministerial Decision on the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, which seeks to make it easier for certain WTO members to issue a compulsory license on COVID-19 vaccines, and discussions continue on whether to expand that decision to COVID-19 therapeutics and diagnostics. Considerable political and economic pressure has weakened current intellectual property protection in some countries and has led to policies such as more restrictive standards for obtaining patents and more difficult procedures for patenting biopharmaceutical inventions, restrictions on patenting certain types of inventions, revocation of patents, laws or regulations that promote or provide broad discretion to issue a compulsory license, weak intellectual property enforcement and failure to implement effective regulatory data protection. Our industry advocacy efforts focus on seeking a fair and transparent business environment for foreign manufacturers, underscoring the importance of strong intellectual property systems for local innovative industries and helping improve patients’ access to innovative medicines and vaccines. Data Privacy. Outside of the U.S., many countries have privacy and data security laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personal data, including but not limited to, the EU’s General Data Protection Regulations and China’s Personal Information Protection Law. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is also rapidly evolving as countries continue to adopt new and updated privacy and data security laws. The interpretation and application of such laws and regulations remain uncertain and continues to evolve. In addition, enforcement of such laws and regulations is increasing. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS Our operations are affected by national, state and/or local environmental laws. We have made, and intend to continue to make, the expenditures necessary for compliance with applicable laws. We also are cleaning up environmental contamination from past industrial activity at certain sites. We incurred capital and operational expenditures in 2022 for environmental compliance purposes and for the clean-up of certain past industrial activity as follows: $88 million in environment-related capital expenditures and $148 million in other environment-related expenses. While capital expenditures or operating costs for environmental compliance cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently anticipate they will have a material effect on our capital expenditures or financial position. See also Note 16A3 . As a science guided organization, we take a proactive approach to our environmental sustainability initiatives. In 2022, we announced a new goal to further reduce GHG emissions and achieve the Science Based Target Initiative’s voluntary Net-Zero Standard by 2040. As part of this goal, Pfizer aims to decrease its GHG emissions by 95% and its value chain emissions by 90% from 2019 levels by 2040. To support our goal, we are developing our emission reduction plan, which will include strategies to achieve reductions throughout our value chain including investing in new technologies and innovative climate solutions, and urging all of our suppliers to unite with us in making a commitment to action and integrating ambitious climate impact reduction targets into their management processes. Related expenses and capital spending incurred for 2022 were not material to our consolidated financial statements. While capital and operational expenditures will be incurred to meet our goal, we do not currently anticipate they will have a material effect on our financial position in the near term. Longer term uncertainties regarding availability of commercially available technologies among others make it difficult to predict the financial impact of meeting the goal and we will continue to assess and monitor the financial impact of the emission reduction plan. For a discussion of the risks associated with climate change and our environmental initiatives, see the Item 1A. Risk Factors—Climate Change and Sustainability section in this Form 10-K. HUMAN CAPITAL Our purpose is: Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives . These breakthroughs are delivered through the relentless collaboration of our talented workforce. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 83,000 people worldwide, with approximately 32,000 based in the U.S. Women compose approximately 51% of our global workforce, and approximately 37% of our U.S.-based employees are individuals with ethnically diverse backgrounds. Our continued success links directly to the commitment, engagement and performance of our employees. It is important that we not only attract and retain the best and brightest diverse talent, but also ensure they remain engaged and can thrive in an environment that is committed to helping them grow, succeed and contribute directly to achieving our purpose. As part of these efforts, we strive for an inclusive and empowering work environment, adopting practices to simplify processes and remove needless complexity, rewarding both performance and leadership skills, fostering career growth and internal mobility and offering competitive compensation and benefits programs that encourage mental and physical well being. Core Values. To fully realize Pfizer’s purpose we have established a clear set of goals regarding what we need to achieve for patients and how we will go about achieving them. The “how” is represented by four simple, powerful company values – Courage , Excellence , Equity and Joy . Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 12 Each value defines our company and our culture: • Courage : Breakthroughs start by challenging convention – especially in the face of uncertainty or adversity. This happens when we think big, speak up and are decisive. • Excellence : We can only change patients’ lives when we perform at our best together. This happens when we focus on what matters, agree who does what and measure outcomes. • Equity : Every person deserves to be seen, heard and cared for. This happens when we are inclusive, act with integrity and reduce health care disparities. • Joy : We give ourselves to our work, and it also gives to us. We find joy when we take pride, recognize one another and have fun. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. At Pfizer, every person deserves to be seen, heard and cared for. We embed diversity, equity and inclusion in our workplace and our purpose of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. As we work to bring together people with different backgrounds, perspectives and experiences we take specific actions to help foster an inclusive environment within Pfizer and beyond, including, among others: (i) building a more inclusive colleague experience through representation and meaningful connections; (ii) advancing equitable health outcomes by evaluating our work through the lens of the communities we serve, (iii) providing resources on allyship and the science behind inclusion to support all colleagues in having courageous conversations about equity, race and the avoidance of bias; (iv) working to help transform society with external diversity, equity and inclusion partnerships, including deploying capital, engaging diverse suppliers and amplifying equity initiatives; and (v) working to help ensure demographics of clinical trials correlate to those of the countries where trials are taking place. Colleague Engagement . To attract, develop and inspire the brightest talent, we aim to support our colleagues by engaging and partnering with them to help ensure they feel they are part of a community. We understand the importance of continuously listening and responding to colleague feedback and our annual engagement survey, Pfizer Pulse, provides a forum for our colleagues to give structured feedback about their colleague experience. Through this survey, we measure and track key areas of the overall colleague experience and equip leaders with actionable insights for discussion and follow up. Regular topics in the survey include: (i) employee engagement, such as colleagues’ commitment to and advocacy for Pfizer; (ii) purpose, including how colleagues’ work connects with our purpose; (iii) inclusion, such as having a climate in which diverse perspectives are valued; and (iv) growth, including the ability for colleagues to gain new experiences that align with their individual career goals. In 2022, we continued to maintain low turnover rates relative to the pharmaceutical industry and in our 2022 Pfizer Pulse survey, on average, 88% of colleagues reported feeling engaged, as measured by pride in working at Pfizer, willingness to recommend Pfizer as a great place to work and intent to stay. In addition, 93% of the colleagues agreed that their daily work contributes to our purpose. Performance, Leadership and Growth. We are committed to helping our colleagues reach their full potential by rewarding both their performance and leadership skills and by providing opportunities for growth and development. Our performance management approach—called Performance and Leadership Insights—is based on six-month semesters during which our colleagues and their managers set goals, receive feedback and meet to discuss performance. These conversations are meant to help colleagues grow and develop by evaluating performance (what the colleague achieved, measured by outcomes), leadership (how they achieved it, taking into account Pfizer’s values of courage, excellence, equity and joy), and identifying areas of growth that help move colleagues towards fulfilling their career goals and their potential. In 2022, Pfizer continued the shift from a traditional, linear view of career growth to one that is built on aspirations and empowers individuals to boldly own their growth journey. We deepened our efforts to redefine growth as a fluid process that promotes incremental in-role growth or mobility along horizontal, vertical or diagonal individualized pathways—what we are calling “Zig-Zag” growth. Our commitments to colleague development consist of specific actions to encourage non-linear “zig-zag” career growth paths for all colleagues, including (i) a common language around growth—along with a guiding framework—to help colleagues identify their next best growth experience, (ii) tools and resources to encourage growth conversations and offer transparency on the sources of growth available, and (iii) a variety of opportunities to grow through experiences, connections with others and learning programs, including mentoring, job rotations, experiential projects, skill-based volunteering and personalized learning pathways that address a variety of topics, including leadership and management skills and industry- and job-specific learning, as well as general business, manufacturing, finance and technology skills. Health, Safety and Well-Being . Protecting the health, safety and well-being of colleagues and contingent workers, all of whom are essential to delivering our business objectives, is an integral part of how we operate. Our Global Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Policy and supporting standards outline our approach to assessment, evaluation, elimination, and mitigation of EHS risks across our operations globally. In 2022, we continued to carry out our COVID-19 pandemic preparedness and response procedures to help ensure on-site workers at all of our locations globally remained safe and healthy. These precautions have been instrumental in protecting our workforce and helping ensure a continued supply of medicines and vaccines to patients. During 2022, we (i) continued to provide vaccinations for COVID-19 and other diseases to colleagues in countries where employer vaccination programs are permitted, (ii) broadened our partnership with Thrive Global, a wellness and organizational change initiative with a primary focus on colleague mental health and wellness, (iii) provided educational webinars and information sessions on mental health and well-being, nutrition and work life balance through our employee assistance program provider, including targeted support for our colleagues in Russia and Ukraine, and (iv) shared wellness tips through the global Pfizer World intranet platform. In addition, as public health recommendations supported the return of colleagues to office locations on a more regular basis, Pfizer ensured benefits and processes were in place to reinforce personal wellness and work life balance. For example, beginning in 2023 we are implementing a new, flexible working model that enables work to be regularly conducted from home while maintaining regular on-site collaboration to provide greater flexibility for many of our colleagues. Pay Equity. Our commitment to pay equity for all colleagues is based in our value of Equity and our intention to continue to build a diverse and inclusive workforce. We are committed to equitable pay practices at Pfizer for employees based on role, education, experience, performance, and location and we conduct and report publicly on pay equity on an annual basis. Additional information regarding our human capital programs and initiatives is available in the “About — Careers” section of Pfizer’s website and our ESG Report. Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 13 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS This section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. Additionally, our business is subject to general risks applicable to any company, such as economic conditions, geopolitical events, extreme weather and natural disasters. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings could be adversely affected now and in the future, potentially in a material way. The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements, as discussed in the Forward-Looking Information and Factors that May Affect Future Results section in this Form 10-K. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS, INDUSTRY AND OPERATIONS: MANAGED CARE TRENDS Private payers, such as health plans, and other managed care entities, such as PBMs, continue to take action to manage the utilization and costs of drugs. The negotiating power of MCOs and other private third-party payers has increased due to consolidation, and they, along with governments, increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including through the use of formulary inclusion or favorable formulary placement. These initiatives have increased consumers’ interest and input in medication choices, as they pay for a larger portion of their prescription costs and may cause them to favor lower-cost generic alternatives. We may fail to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products, or fail to obtain such formulary placement at favorable pricing. The growing availability and use of innovative specialty pharmaceutical medicines that treat rare or life-threatening conditions, which typically have smaller patient populations, combined with their relative higher cost as compared to other types of pharmaceutical products, also has generated increased payer interest in developing cost-containment strategies targeted to this sector. Third-party payers also use additional measures such as new-to-market blocks, exclusion lists, indication-based pricing and value-based pricing/contracting to improve their cost containment efforts. Such payers are also increasingly imposing utilization management tools, such as clinical protocols, requiring prior authorization for a branded product if a generic product is available or requiring the patient to first fail on one or more generic products before permitting access to a branded medicine. As the U.S. private third-party payer market consolidates further and as more drugs become available in generic form, we may face greater pricing pressure from private third-party payers as they continue to drive more of their patients to use lower cost generic alternatives. Also, business arrangements in this area are subject to a high degree of government scrutiny, and available safe harbors under applicable federal and state fraud and abuse laws are subject to change through legislative and regulatory action, as well as evolving judicial interpretations. Our approach to these arrangements may also be informed by such government and industry guidance. COMPETITIVE PRODUCTS Competitive product launches may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development, or result in unanticipated product obsolescence. Such launches continue to occur, and potentially competitive products are in various stages of development. We cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products that treat or prevent diseases and conditions like those treated or prevented by our in-line products and product candidates. Some of our competitors may have competitive, technical or other advantages over us for the development of technologies and processes or greater experience in particular therapeutic areas, and consolidation among certain pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can enhance such advantages. These advantages may make it difficult for us to compete with them successfully to discover, develop and market new products and for our current products to compete with new products or indications they may bring to market. Our products have been competing and may continue to compete, and our product candidates may compete, against products or product candidates that offer higher rebates or discounts, lower prices, equivalent or superior efficacy, better safety profiles, easier administration, earlier market availability or other competitive features. If we are unable to compete effectively, this could reduce sales, which could negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, competition from manufacturers of generic drugs, including from generic versions of competitors’ branded products that lose their market exclusivity, is a major challenge for our branded products. Certain of our products have experienced significant generic competition over the last few years. For additional information, see the Item 1. Business—Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights section in this Form 10-K. In China, we expect to continue to face intense competition by certain generic manufacturers, which have resulted, and may result in the future, in price cuts and volume loss of some of our products. In addition, our patented products may face generic or biosimilar competition before patent exclusivity expires, including from “at-risk” launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation against the generic or biosimilar product) by a manufacturer of a generic or biosimilar version of one of our patented products. Generic and biosimilar manufacturers have filed or could file applications with the FDA seeking approval of product candidates that they claim do not infringe our patents or claim that our patents are not valid. Our licensing and collaboration partners also face challenges by generic drug manufacturers to patents covering products for which we have licenses or co-promotion rights. We may become subject to competition from biosimilars referencing our biologic products if competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for such biosimilars. We also commercialize biosimilar products that compete with products of others, including other biosimilar products. The entry to the market of competing biosimilars is expected to increase pricing pressures on our biosimilar products. Uptake of our biosimilars may be lower due to various factors, such as anti-competitive practices, access challenges where our product may not receive appropriate coverage/reimbursement access or remains in a disadvantaged position relative to an innovator product, physician reluctance to prescribe biosimilars for existing patients taking the innovative product, or misaligned financial incentives for certain prescribers. For additional information on competition our products face, see the Item 1. Business — Competition section in this Form 10-K. Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 14 CONCENTRATION We recorded direct product and/or Alliance revenues of more than $1 billion for each of ten products that collectively accounted for 82% of our total revenues in 2022. In particular, Comirnaty and Paxlovid together accounted for 57% of our total revenues in 2022. For additional information, see Notes 1 and 17 . If these products or any of our other major products were to experience loss of patent protection (if applicable), changes in prescription or vaccination purchasing or growth rates, reduced product demand, material product liability litigation, unexpected side effects or safety concerns, regulatory proceedings or investigations, lower governmental and/or regulatory confidence, negative publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence, pressure from competitive products, changes in labeling, pricing and access pressures or supply shortages or if a new, more effective product should be introduced, the adverse impact on our revenues could be significant. In particular, certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and patents covering a number of our best-selling products are, or have been, the subject of pending legal challenges. For additional information on our patents, see the Item 1. Business — Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights section in this Form 10-K. For Comirnaty and Paxlovid, while we believe that these products have the potential to provide ongoing revenue streams for Pfizer for the foreseeable future, revenues of these products following the COVID-19 pandemic may not be at similar levels as those generated during the pandemic. For 2023, our revenue guidance for Comirnaty and Paxlovid as of January 31, 2023 is significantly lower than the 2022 revenues from these products. For information on risks associated with Comirnaty and Paxlovid, see the COVID-19 section below. In addition, we sell our prescription biopharmaceutical products, with the exception of Paxlovid, principally to wholesalers, but we also sell directly to retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies and pharmacies. In 2022, we principally sold Paxlovid to government agencies. We primarily sell our vaccines in the U.S. directly to the federal government, CDC, wholesalers, individual provider offices, retail pharmacies and integrated delivery systems. Outside the U.S., we primarily sell our vaccines to government and non-government institutions. For additional information, see N ote 17 C . If one of our significant customers should encounter financial or other difficulties, it might decrease the amount of business such customer does with us and/or we might be unable to timely collect all the amounts that such customer owes us or at all, which could negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, we expect that consolidation and integration of pharmacy chains and wholesalers will increase competitive and pricing pressures on pharmaceutical manufacturers, including us. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT The discovery and development of new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. Our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as to provide for earnings growth, primarily through internal R&D or through collaborations, acquisitions, JVs, licensing or other arrangements. Growth depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payers. However, balancing current growth, investment for future growth and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. The costs of product development continue to be high, as are regulatory requirements in many therapeutic areas, which may affect the number of candidates we are able to fund as well as the sustainability of the R&D portfolio. Decisions made early in the development process of a drug or vaccine candidate can have a substantial impact on the marketing strategy and payer reimbursement possibilities if the candidate receives regulatory approval. We try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably anticipate and address challenges, but there is no assurance that an optimal balance between trial conduct, speed and desired outcome will be achieved. Additionally, our product candidates can fail at any stage of the R&D process, and may not receive regulatory approval even after many years of R&D. We may fail to correctly identify indications for which our science is promising or allocate R&D investment resources efficiently, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic areas, product classes, geographic markets and/or licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. Further, even if we identify areas with the greatest commercial potential, the scientific approach may not succeed despite the significant investment required for R&D, and the product may not be as competitive as expected because of the highly dynamic market environment and the hurdles in terms of access and reimbursement. For example, our gene therapy product candidates are based on a novel technology with only a few gene therapies approved to date, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of development and the ability to obtain regulatory approval. Further, gene therapy may face difficulties in gaining the acceptance of patients or the medical community. GLOBAL OPERATIONS We operate on a global scale and could be affected by currency fluctuations; capital and exchange controls; local and global economic conditions including inflation, recession, volatility and/or lack of liquidity in capital markets; expropriation and other restrictive government actions; changes in intellectual property; legal protections and remedies; trade regulations; tax laws and regulations; and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as impacts of political or civil unrest or military action, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and its economic consequences, geopolitical instability, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems, inter-governmental disputes, public health outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters or disruptions related to climate change. Some emerging market countries may be particularly vulnerable to periods of financial or political instability or significant currency fluctuations or may have limited resources for healthcare spending. As a result of these and other factors, our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable. Additionally, local economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of payers, as well as our distributors, customers, suppliers and service providers, to pay for our products, or otherwise to buy necessary inventory or raw materials, and to perform their obligations under agreements with us. Government financing and economic pressures can lead to negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria (e.g., through health technology assessments) or other means of cost control. For additional information on government pricing pressures, see the Item 1. Business—Government Regulation and Price Constraints section in this Form 10-K. We continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts and impediments that could impact our business. If trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales; increased costs; volatility in foreign exchange rates; a decline in the value of our financial assets and pension plan investments; required increases of our pension funding obligations; increased government cost control efforts; delays or failures in the performance of customers, suppliers and other third parties on whom we may depend for the performance of our business; and the risk that our allowance for doubtful accounts may not be adequate. Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 15 We operate in many countries and transact in many different currencies. Changes in the value of those currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, or high inflation in those countries, can impact our revenues, costs and expenses and our financial guidance. Significant portions of our revenues, costs and expenses, as well as our substantial international net assets, are exposed to exchange rate changes. 58% of our total 2022 revenues were derived from international operations, including 26% from Europe and 20% from Japan, China and the rest of the Asia Pacific region. Future changes in exchange rates or economic conditions and the impact they may have on our results of operations, financial condition or business are difficult to predict. For additional information about our exposure to foreign currency risk, see the Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk section within MD&A. In addition, our borrowing, pension benefit and postretirement benefit obligations and interest-bearing investments are subject to risk from changes in interest and exchange rates. The risks related to interest-bearing investments and borrowings and the measures we have taken to help contain them are discussed in the Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk section within MD&A and Note 7E . For additional details on critical accounting estimates and assumptions for our benefit plans, see the Significant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions— Benefit Plans section within MD&A and Note 11 . PRODUCT MANUFACTURING, SALES AND MARKETING RISKS We could encounter difficulties, delays or inefficiencies in our supply chain, product manufacturing and distribution networks, as well as sales or marketing, due to regulatory actions, shut-downs, work stoppages or strikes, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on, reputational harm, the impact to our facilities due to health pandemics or natural or man-made disasters, including as a result of climate change, product liability or unanticipated costs. Examples of such difficulties or delays include the inability to increase production capacity commensurate with demand; challenges related to component materials to maintain supply and/or appropriate quality standards throughout our supply network and/or comply with applicable regulations; inability to supply certain products due to voluntary product recalls; and supply chain disruptions at our facilities or at a supplier or vendor. In addition, we engage contract manufacturers, and, from time to time, our contract manufacturers may face difficulties or are unable to manufacture our products at the necessary quantity or quality levels. Regulatory agencies periodically inspect our manufacturing facilities, as well as third-party facilities that we rely on, to evaluate compliance with cGMP or other applicable requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to possible legal or regulatory actions, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product, injunctions, debarment, product recalls, delays or denials of product approvals, import bans or denials of import certifications. In 2021, Pfizer recalled all lots of Chantix in the U.S. due to the presence of a nitrosamine, N-nitroso-varenicline, at or above the FDA interim acceptable intake limit. We currently also have a voluntary recall across multiple markets and a global pause in shipments of Chantix. Technical solutions are being pursued to reduce nitrosamine levels in Chantix to enable return to market. In response to requests from various regulatory authorities, manufacturers across the pharmaceutical industry, including Pfizer, are evaluating their product portfolios for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines. This has led to additional voluntary recalls initiated for other products in 2022, and may lead to additional recalls or other market actions for Pfizer products. COLLABORATIONS AND OTHER RELATIONSHIPS WITH THIRD PARTIES We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of our products and product candidates and also enter into JVs and other business development transactions. To achieve expected longer-term benefits, we may make substantial upfront payments as part of these transactions, which may negatively impact our earnings or cash flows. We rely heavily on these parties for multiple aspects of our drug development, manufacturing and commercialization activities, but we do not control many aspects of those activities. We also outsource certain services, including activities related to transaction processing, accounting, IT, manufacturing, clinical trial recruitment and execution, clinical lab services, non-clinical research, safety services, integrated facilities management and other areas. Failure by one or more of the third-party collaborators, service providers and others to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations or to meet their contractual or other obligations to us; failure of one or more of these parties to comply with applicable laws or regulations; disruptions in one or more of these parties’ businesses, including unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials or components, cyber-attacks on supplier systems, labor disputes or shortage and inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters or pandemics; or any disruption in the relationships between us and these parties, could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing or commercialization of our products and product candidates, expose us to suboptimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, result in repercussions such as missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, erroneous data and supply disruptions, and could also result in non-compliance with legal or regulatory requirements or industry standards or subject us to reputational harm, all with potential negative implications for our product pipeline and business. Further, our Alliance revenues will be adversely affected by the termination or expiration of collaboration and co-promotion agreements that we have entered into and that we may enter into from time to time. COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS Our reputation, in-line and pipeline portfolios render our medicines and vaccines prime targets for counterfeiters. Counterfeits pose a significant risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured—often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected, and unsanitary sites—as well as the lack of regulation of their contents. Failure to mitigate this threat could adversely impact Pfizer’s patients, potentially causing them harm. This situation, in turn, may result in the loss of patient confidence in the Pfizer name and in the integrity of our medicines and vaccines, and potentially impact our business through lost sales, product recalls, and possible litigation. The prevalence of counterfeit medicines is an industry-wide issue due to a variety of factors, including the adoption of e-commerce. The increased adoption during the COVID-19 pandemic further exposed consumers to fake prescription treatments via the internet as access to traditional brick and mortar pharmacies or authorized full-service internet pharmacies that offer authentic treatments may have been hindered . The internet exposes patients to greater risk as it is a preferred vehicle for dangerous counterfeit offers and scams that target unsuspecting consumers. Traffic to these generally deceptive pharmacy sites is largely driven by misplaced trust in sophisticated internet retailers and social media offers coupled with the convenience e-commerce affords consumers. Counterfeiters generally target any medicine or vaccine boasting strong demand and we have observed heightened counterfeit and fraud attempts to our internal medicine portfolio, as well as products utilized in the treatment of COVID-19. We consistently invest in an enterprise-wide strategy to aggressively combat counterfeit threats by educating patients and health care providers about the risks, investing in innovative technologies to detect and disrupt sophisticated internet offers and scams, proactively monitoring and Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 16 interdicting supply with the help of law enforcement, and advising legislators and regulators. However, our efforts and those of others may not be entirely successful, and the presence of counterfeit medicines may continue to increase. RISKS RELATED TO GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND LEGAL PROCEEDINGS: PRICING AND REIMBURSEMENT U.S. and international governmental regulations that mandate price controls or limitations on patient access to our products or establish prices paid by government entities or programs for our products impact our business, and our future results could be adversely affected by changes in such regulations or policies. The adoption of restrictive price controls in new jurisdictions, more restrictive controls in existing jurisdictions or the failure to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing could also adversely impact revenue. We expect pricing pressures will continue globally. In the U.S., pharmaceutical product pricing is subject to government and public scrutiny and calls for reform, and many of our products are subject to increasing pricing pressures as a result. We expect to see continued focus by the Federal government on regulating pricing which could result in legislative and regulatory changes designed to control costs. For example, in August 2022, the IRA was signed into law, which, among other things, requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare, imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation, and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program. Some states have implemented, and others are considering, patient access constraints or cost cutting under the Medicaid program, and some are considering measures that would apply to broader segments of their populations that are not Medicaid-eligible. State legislatures also have continued to focus on addressing drug costs, generally by increasing price transparency or limiting drug price increases. Measures to regulate prices or payment for pharmaceutical products, including legislation on drug importation, could adversely affect our business. For additional information on U.S. pricing and reimbursement, see the Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Price Constraints section in this Form 10-K. We encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries in which we operate. In certain markets, such as in EU member states, the U.K., Japan, China, Canada and South Korea, governments have significant power as large single payers to regulate prices, access criteria, or impose other means of cost control, particularly as a result of recent global financing pressures. For example, the QCE and VBP tender process in China has resulted in significant price cuts for off-patent medicines. For additional information regarding these government initiatives, see the Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Price Constraints section in this Form 10-K. We anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing pressures in China and elsewhere in the future. In addition, in many countries, with respect to our vaccines, we participate in a tender process for selection in national immunization programs. Failure to secure participation in national immunization programs or to obtain acceptable pricing in the tender process could adversely affect our business. We also anticipate pricing pressures will be amplified by COVID-19 induced budget deficits and focus on pricing for COVID-19 treatments and vaccines. U.S. HEALTHCARE REGULATION The U.S. healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes. Any significant efforts at the U.S. federal or state levels to reform the healthcare system by changing the way healthcare is provided or funded could have a material impact on us. For additional information on U.S. healthcare regulation, see the Item 1. Business–– Government Regulation and Price Constraints section in this Form 10-K. Other U.S. federal or state legislative or regulatory action and/or policy efforts could adversely affect our business, including, among others, general budget control actions, changes in patent laws, the importation of prescription drugs to the U.S. at prices that are regulated by foreign governments, revisions to reimbursement of biopharmaceuticals under government programs that could reference international prices or require new discounts, limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders, or the use of comparative effectiveness methodologies that could be implemented in a manner that focuses primarily on cost differences and minimizes the therapeutic differences among pharmaceutical products and restricts access to innovative medicines. A reduction of U.S. federal spending on entitlement programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, may affect payment for our products or services provided using our products. Any other significant spending reductions or cost controls affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs that may be implemented could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. DEVELOPMENT, REGULATORY APPROVAL AND MARKETING OF PRODUCTS The discovery and development of drugs, vaccines and biological products are time consuming, costly and unpredictable. The outcome is inherently uncertain and involves a high degree of risk due to the following factors, among others: • The process from early discovery to design and adequate implementation of clinical trials to regulatory approval can take many years. • Product candidates can and do fail at any stage of the process, including as the result of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, or unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data, including results that may not support further clinical development of the product candidate or indication. • We may need to amend our clinical trial protocols or conduct additional clinical trials under certain circumstances, for example, to further assess appropriate dosage or collect additional safety data. • We may not be able to meet anticipated pre-clinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates. • We may not be able to successfully address all the comments received from regulatory authorities such as the FDA and the EMA, or be able to obtain approval for new products and indications from regulators. Regulatory approvals of our products depend on myriad factors, including regulatory determinations as to the product’s safety and efficacy. In the context of public health emergencies like the COVID-19 pandemic, regulators evaluate various factors and criteria to potentially allow for marketing authorization on an emergency or conditional basis. Additionally, clinical trial and other product data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities. As a result of regulatory interpretations and assessments or other developments that occur during the review process, and even after a product is authorized or approved for marketing, a product’s commercial potential could be adversely affected by potential emerging concerns or regulatory decisions regarding or impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters, including decisions relating to emerging developments regarding potential product impurities. Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 17 We may not be able to receive or maintain favorable recommendations by technical or advisory committees, such as the ACIP or any FDA Advisory Committee that may be convened to review our applications such as EUAs, NDAs or BLAs, which may impact the potential marketing and use of our products. Further, claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety and efficacy of in-line products and product candidates can negatively impact product sales, and potentially lead to product recalls or withdrawals, including regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, and/or consumer fraud, product liability and other litigation and claims. Further regulatory agency requirements may result in a more challenging, expensive and lengthy regulatory approval process than anticipated due to requests for, among other things, additional or more extensive clinical trials prior to granting approval, or increased post-approval requirements. For these and other reasons discussed in this Risk Factors section, we may not obtain the approvals we expect within the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. POST-AUTHORIZATION/APPROVAL DATA As a condition to granting marketing authorization or approval of a product, the FDA may require additional clinical trials or other studies. The results generated in these trials could result in the loss of marketing approval, changes in labeling, and/or new or increased concerns about the side effects, efficacy or safety. Regulatory agencies in countries outside the U.S. often have similar regulations and may impose comparable requirements. Post-marketing studies and clinical trials, whether conducted by us or by others, whether mandated by regulatory agencies or conducted voluntarily, and other emerging data about products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products. Further, if safety or efficacy concerns are raised about a product in the same class as one of our products, those concerns could implicate the entire class; and this, in turn, could have an adverse impact on the availability or commercial viability of our product(s) as well as other products in the class. The potential regulatory and commercial implications of post-marketing study results typically cannot immediately be determined. For example, in December 2021, in light of the results from the completed required postmarketing safety study of Xeljanz, ORAL Surveillance (A3921133), the U.S. label for Xeljanz was revised. In addition, in November 2022, the EMA concluded their assessment of JAK inhibitors authorized for inflammatory diseases in the EU, including Xeljanz and Cibinqo, and recommended that risk minimization measures, including special warnings and precautions for use, should be revised and harmonized for all such JAK inhibitors. The resulting label changes are expected to be finalized in the first quarter of 2023. We continue to work with regulatory agencies worldwide to review the full results and analyses of ORAL Surveillance and their impact on product labeling. The terms of our EUA for Comirnaty require that we conduct post-observational studies to evaluate the association between the Pfizer-BioNTech Covid-19 Vaccine, and Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, Bivalent, and a pre-specified list of adverse events of special interest, including myocarditis and pericarditis, along with deaths and hospitalizations, and severe COVID-19. The required study populations include individuals specified in our December 2022 authorization letter (reissued) as well as populations of interest, such as healthcare workers, pregnant women, immunocompromised individuals and subpopulations with specific comorbidities. Additionally, in relation to the FDA approval for Comirnaty, we are required to complete certain postmarketing study requirements and commitments through 2024 and beyond. The terms of our EUA for Paxlovid require monitoring of a genomic database(s) for the emergence of global viral variants of SARS-CoV-2 and providing reports to the FDA on a monthly basis summarizing any findings. Also, the FDA may require Pfizer to assess the activity of the authorized Paxlovid against any global SARS-CoV-2 variant(s) of interest and complete certain other analyses and studies as identified in our October 2022 EUA. LEGAL MATTERS We are and may be involved in various legal proceedings, including patent litigation, product liability and other product-related litigation, including personal injury, consumer, off-label promotion, securities, antitrust and breach of contract claims, commercial and other asserted and unasserted matters, environmental, government and tax investigations, employment, tax litigation and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and excessive verdicts do occur. Although we believe that our claims and defenses in matters in which we are a defendant are substantial, we could in the future incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Claims against our patents include challenges to the coverage and/or validity of our patents on various products or processes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these matters, and a loss in any of these cases could result in a loss of patent protection for the product at issue, which could lead to a significant loss of sales of that product and could materially affect future results of operations. We are also involved in government investigations that arise in the ordinary course of our business. There continues to be a significant volume of government investigations and litigation against companies operating in our industry, both in the U.S. and around the world. Government investigations and actions could result in substantial criminal and civil fines and/or criminal charges, limitations on our ability to conduct business in applicable jurisdictions, corporate integrity or deferred prosecution agreements and other disciplinary actions, as well as reputational harm, including as a result of increased public interest in the matter. In addition, in a qui tam lawsuit in which the government declines to intervene, the relator may still pursue a suit for the recovery of civil damages and penalties on behalf of the government. Our sales and marketing activities, the pricing of our products and other aspects of our business are subject to extensive regulation under the FFDCA, the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the FCPA and other federal and state statutes, including those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, as well as the Anti-Kickback Statute, anti-bribery laws, the False Claims Act, and similar laws in international jurisdictions. In addition to the potential for changes to relevant laws, the compliance and enforcement landscape is informed by government litigation, settlement precedent, advisory opinions, and special fraud alerts. Our approach to certain practices may evolve over time in light of these types of developments. Requirements or industry standards in the U.S. and certain jurisdictions abroad require pharmaceutical manufacturers to track and disclose financial interactions with healthcare professionals and healthcare providers and can increase government and public scrutiny of such financial interactions. If an interaction is found to be improper, government enforcement actions and penalties could result. Like many companies in our industry, we have from time-to-time received, and may receive in the future, inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information demands from government authorities. In addition, we have been subject to claims and other actions related to our business activities, brought by governmental authorities, as well as consumers and private payers. In some instances, we have incurred significant expense, civil payments, fines and other adverse consequences as a result of these claims, actions and inquiries. Such claims, actions and inquiries may relate to alleged non-compliance with laws and regulations associated with the dissemination of product (approved and unapproved) information, potentially resulting in government enforcement action and reputational damage. This risk may be heightened by digital marketing, including social media, mobile applications and blogger outreach. In connection with the resolution of a U.S. government investigation concerning independent copay assistance organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients, in 2018, we entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement (CIA) with the Office of the Inspector General of the HHS, which is effective for a period of five years. In the CIA, we agreed to implement and/or maintain certain compliance program elements to promote compliance with federal healthcare program requirements. Breaches of the CIA could result in severe sanctions against us. Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 18 We and certain of our subsidiaries are also subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business relating to legal claims and proceedings, including environmental contingencies. Amounts recorded for legal and environmental contingencies can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. While we have accrued for worldwide legal liabilities, no guarantee exists that additional costs will not be incurred or additional payments will not be required beyond the amounts accrued. For additional information, including information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved in, see Note 16A . RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, TECHNOLOGY AND SECURITY: INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION Our success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, including patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. If we fail to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from launching generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, from using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. Our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in issued patents or be granted on a timely basis. Similarly, any term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all. In addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against claims regarding validity, enforceability, scope and effective term made by parties with similar technologies or products or provide us with any competitive advantage, including exclusivity in a particular product area. Further, legal or regulatory action by various stakeholders or governments could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection for or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property related to our products. The WTO continues to address the role of intellectual property in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic response. This includes the June 2022 Ministerial Decision on the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, which seeks to make it easier for certain WTO members to issue a compulsory license on COVID-19 vaccines, and discussions continue on whether to expand that decision to COVID-19 therapeutics and diagnostics. The scope of our patent claims also may vary between countries, as individual countries have distinct patent laws, and our ability to enforce our patents depends on the laws of each country, its enforcement practices, and the extent to which certain countries engage in policies or practices that weaken a country’s intellectual property framework (e.g., laws or regulations that promote or provide broad discretion to issue a compulsory license). In countries that provide some form of regulatory exclusivity, mechanisms exist permitting some form of challenge to our patents by competitors or generic drug marketers prior to or immediately following the expiration of such regulatory exclusivity, and generic companies are employing aggressive strategies, such as “at risk” launches that challenge our patent rights. Most of the suits involve claims by generic drug manufacturers that patents covering our products, uses, processes or dosage forms are invalid and/or do not cover the product of the generic or biosimilar drug manufacturer. Independent actions have been filed alleging that our assertions of, or attempts to enforce, patent rights with respect to certain products constitute unfair competition and/or violations of antitrust laws. Such claims may also be brought as counterclaims to actions we bring to enforce our patents. We are also party to other patent damages suits in various jurisdictions pursuant to which generic drug manufacturers, payers, governments or other parties are seeking damages from us for alleged delay of generic entry. We also are often involved in other proceedings, such as inter partes review, post-grant review, re-examination or opposition proceedings, before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the European Patent Office, or other foreign counterparts relating to our intellectual property or the intellectual property rights of others. Also, if one of our patents or a competitors’ patents is found to be invalid in such proceedings, generic or biosimilar products could be introduced into the market resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. For additional information, including information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Note 16A1 . Further, if we are unable to maintain our existing license agreements or other agreements pursuant to which third parties grant us rights to intellectual property, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. We currently hold trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending in many jurisdictions, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the trademark. As our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks and trade dress to differentiate us from our competitors increases and, as a result, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our rights. We seek to protect our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, by requiring our employees, consultants, other advisors and other third parties to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their relationship with us. Despite these efforts and precautions, we may be unable to prevent a third-party from copying or otherwise obtaining and using our trade secrets or our other intellectual property without authorization, and legal remedies may not adequately compensate us for the damages caused by such unauthorized use. Further, others may independently and lawfully develop substantially similar or identical products that circumvent our intellectual property by means of alternative designs or processes or otherwise. THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS A properly functioning intellectual property regime is essential to our business model. We are committed to respecting the valid intellectual property rights of other companies, but the patent granting process is imperfect. Accordingly, the pursuit of valid business opportunities may require us to challenge intellectual property rights held by others that we believe were improperly granted, including challenges through negotiation and litigation, and such challenges may not always be successful. Part of our business depends upon identifying biosimilar opportunities and launching products to take advantage of those opportunities, which may involve litigation, associated costs and time delays, and may ultimately not be successful. These opportunities may arise in situations where patent protection of equivalent branded products has expired or been declared invalid, or where products do not infringe the patents of others. In some circumstances we may take action, such as litigation, asserting that our products do not infringe patents of existing products or that those patents are invalid or unenforceable in order to achieve a “first-to-market” or early market position for our products. Third parties may claim that our products infringe one or more patents owned or controlled by them. Claims of intellectual property infringement can be costly and time-consuming to resolve, may delay or prevent product launches, and may result in significant royalty payments or damages or potential licensing agreements. For example, our R&D in a therapeutic area may not be first and another company or entity may have obtained relevant patents before us. We are involved in patent-related disputes with third parties over our attempts to market pharmaceutical products, including related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid. As we expand our mRNA portfolio, such patent-related disputes may increase. Once we have final Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 19 regulatory approval of the related products, we may decide to commercially market these products even though associated legal proceedings (including any appeals) have not been resolved (i.e., “at-risk” launch). If one of our marketed products (or a product of our collaboration/licensing partners) is found to infringe valid patent rights of a third party, such third party may be awarded significant damages or royalty payments, or we may be prevented from further sales of that product. Such damages may be enhanced as much as three-fold if we or one of our subsidiaries is found to have willfully infringed valid patent rights of a third party. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND SECURITY Significant disruptions of IT systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business. We extensively rely upon sophisticated IT systems (including cloud services) to operate our business. We produce, collect, process, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information (including personal information and intellectual property), and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of such confidential information. The Company develops and operates digital systems to engage patients, healthcare providers, governments, payers and supply chain partners to conduct business and deliver medicines, digital diagnostics, clinical trials and digital therapies. Such systems include mobile applications, wearable devices, internet websites and other digital technologies that may be targets of attack. We have outsourced significant elements of our operations, including significant elements of our IT infrastructure and, as a result, we manage relationships with many third-party providers who may or could have access to our confidential information. We rely on technology developed, supplied and/or maintained by third-parties that may make us vulnerable to “supply chain” style cyber-attacks. Further, technology and security vulnerabilities of acquisitions, business partners or third-party providers may not be identified during due diligence or soon enough to mitigate exploitation. The size and complexity of our IT and information security systems, and those of our third-party providers (and the large amounts of confidential information that is present on them), make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by, but not limited to, our employees, contingent workers, service providers, business partners, customers or malicious attackers. As a global pharmaceutical company, our systems and assets are the target of frequent cyber-attacks. Such cyber-attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage, extortion, property destruction and personal information theft) and expertise, including, but not limited to, organized criminal groups, “hacktivists,” nation states, employees, business partners and others. Due to the nature of some of these attacks, there is a risk that they may remain undetected for a period of time. While we have invested in the protection of data and IT and develop and maintain systems and controls, our efforts may not prevent service interruptions, extortion, theft of confidential, personal or proprietary information, compromise of data integrity or unauthorized information disclosure. Any technology service interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of personal data, confidential information or intellectual property. Such incidents could require disclosure to government authorities and/or regulators and could require notification to impacted individuals and any incident could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. GENERAL RISKS BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES One enabler of our growth strategy is to expand our in-line products and product pipeline through various forms of business development, which can include alliances, licenses, JVs, collaborations, equity- or debt-based investments, dispositions, divestments, mergers and acquisitions. The success of our business development activities is dependent on the availability and accurate evaluation of appropriate opportunities, competition from others that are seeking similar opportunities and our ability to successfully identify, structure and execute transactions, including the ability to satisfy closing conditions in the anticipated timeframes or at all, and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and develop and commercialize acquired products. Pursuing, executing and consummating these transactions may require substantial investment, which may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which could result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings. The success of our business development transactions depends on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction and is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. Unsuccessful clinical trials, regulatory hurdles and commercialization challenges may adversely impact revenue and income contribution from acquired products and businesses. We may fail to generate expected revenue growth for an acquired product or business or we may fail to achieve anticipated cost savings within expected time frames or at all. In certain transactions, we may agree to provide certain transition services for an extended period of time, which may divert our focus and resources that would otherwise be invested into maintaining or growing our business. Similarly, the accretive impact anticipated from certain transactions may not be realized or may be delayed. Integration of these products or businesses may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, including third-party relationships, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. Further, while we seek to mitigate risks and liabilities through, among other things, due diligence, we may be exposed to risks and liabilities as a result of business development transactions. There is no assurance that we will be able to acquire attractive businesses or enter into strategic business relationships on favorable terms ahead of our competitors, or that such acquisitions or strategic business development relationships will be accretive to earnings or improve our competitive position. Where we invest in or otherwise obtain debt or equity securities of third parties in connection with business development transactions, such as our ownership interest in Haleon, we may be unable to direct or influence the management, operational decisions and policies of such companies and the value of the acquired securities will fluctuate and may lose value. Any future distribution or sale of such securities will be subject to prevailing market conditions and other factors, including the size of our ownership stake, at the time of such distribution or sale and there is no assurance that such securities will ultimately be sold at an attractive price or at all. COVID-19 COVID-19 has impacted and may continue to impact our business, operations and financial condition and results. COVID-19-related risks and challenges for our business, include, among others: decreased product demand, due to reduced new prescriptions or refills of existing prescriptions and reduced demand for products used in procedures, or as a result of unemployment or increased focus on COVID-19 vaccination; impacts due to travel limitations and mobility restrictions in some jurisdictions; manufacturing disruptions and delays; supply chain disruptions and shortages, including challenges related to reliance on third-party suppliers resulting in reduced availability of materials or components used in the development, manufacturing, distribution or administration of our products; disruptions to pipeline development and clinical trials, including challenges related to enrolling certain clinical trials and accruing a sufficient number of cases in certain clinical trials; challenges presented by reallocating resources to assist in responding to COVID-19; costs associated with COVID-19, including increased supply chain costs and additional R&D costs incurred in our efforts to develop Comirnaty and Paxlovid; challenges related to our business Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 20 development initiatives; interruptions or delays in the operations of regulatory authorities, which may delay potential approval of new products we are developing, potential label expansions for existing products and the launch of newly-approved products; challenges operating in a virtual or hybrid work environment; increased cyber threats and attack attempts; challenges related to our intellectual property, both domestically and internationally, including in response to any pressure, or legal or regulatory action by, various stakeholders or governments that could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection for or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property rights related to our products, including Comirnaty and Paxlovid; challenges related to conducting oversight and monitoring of regulated activities in a virtual or hybrid environment; challenges related to our human capital and talent development; challenges related to vaccine mandates; and other challenges presented by disruptions to our normal operations in response to COVID-19, as well as uncertainties regarding the impact of COVID-19, and government or regulatory actions to contain the virus or control the supply of medicines and vaccines. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business going forward will depend on many factors, and we have made certain assumptions regarding COVID-19 for purposes of our operational planning and financial projections, including assumptions regarding the global macroeconomic impact of COVID-19, as well as the demand, revenues, supply, contracts and commercial markets for our COVID-19 products, which remain dynamic. Despite careful tracking and planning, we are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our business, operations and financial condition and results due to the uncertainty of future developments. In particular, we believe the ultimate impact on our business, operations and financial condition and results will be affected by, among other things, the emergence, infectiousness and severity of the predominant strains of the SAR-CoV-2 virus, the safety, efficacy, availability and public adherence of vaccines, boosters and treatments for COVID-19, proportion of the population that receives a vaccine or treatment for COVID-19, patient demand and market share for Comirnaty and Paxlovid, timing for delivery, and potential other amendments to the terms, of contracted doses or treatment courses to certain markets, timing and effectiveness for the expected transition to the commercial market for Comirnaty and Paxlovid, the global macroeconomic impact of COVID-19 and governmental responses or regulatory actions to contain the virus or control supply of medicines and vaccines. COVID-19 may also affect our business, operations or financial condition and results in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider as presenting significant risks. We also face risks and uncertainties related to our efforts to develop and commercialize our COVID-19 products, as well as challenges related to their manufacturing, supply and distribution, including, among others: • uncertainties inherent in R&D, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as risks associated with pre-clinical and clinical data (including Phase 1/2/3 or Phase 4 data for Comirnaty, any monovalent, bivalent or variant-adapted vaccine candidates or any other vaccine candidate in the BNT162 program or Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment) in any of our studies in pediatrics, adolescents or adults or real world evidence, including the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical, clinical or safety data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical, clinical or safety data or further information regarding the quality of pre-clinical, clinical or safety data, including by audit or inspection; • the ability to produce comparable clinical or other results for Comirnaty, any monovalent, bivalent or variant-adapted vaccine candidates or other vaccines that may result from the BNT162 program, Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment or any other COVID-19 program, including the rate of effectiveness and/or efficacy, safety and tolerability profile observed to date, in additional analyses of the Phase 3 trial for any such products and additional studies, in real-world data studies or in larger, more diverse populations following commercialization; • the ability of Comirnaty, any monovalent, bivalent or variant-adapted vaccine candidates or any future vaccine to prevent, or Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment to be effective against, COVID-19 caused by emerging virus variants; • the risk that demand for any products may be reduced, no longer exist or not meet expectations, which may lead to excess inventory on-hand and/or in the channel or reduced revenues; • challenges related to a transition to the commercial market for any of our products; • uncertainties related to the public’s adherence to vaccines, boosters and treatments; • the risk that more widespread use of Comirnaty or Paxlovid will lead to new information about efficacy, safety or other developments, including the risk of additional adverse reactions, some of which may be serious; • the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities; • whether and when additional data from the BNT162 mRNA vaccine program, Paxlovid or other COVID-19 programs will be published in scientific journal publications and, if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations; • whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from existing or future pre-clinical and clinical studies; • whether and when submissions to request emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations for Comirnaty or any future vaccines in additional populations, for a potential booster dose for Comirnaty, any monovalent or bivalent vaccine candidates or any potential future vaccines (including potential future annual boosters or re-vaccinations), and/or biologics license and/or EUA applications or amendments to any such applications may be filed in particular jurisdictions for Comirnaty, any monovalent or bivalent vaccine candidates or any other potential vaccines that may arise from the BNT162 program, including a potential variant-based, higher dose, or bivalent vaccine or any other potential vaccines, and if obtained, whether or when such EUA or licenses, or existing EUAs, will expire or terminate; • whether and when submissions to request emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations for Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment and/or any drug applications and/or EUA applications or amendments to any such applications for any indication for Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment may be filed in particular jurisdictions, and if obtained, whether or when such EUA or licenses, or existing EUAs, will expire or terminate; • whether and when any application that may be pending or filed for Comirnaty, any monovalent, bivalent or variant-adapted vaccine candidates or other vaccines that may result from the BNT162 program, Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment or any other COVID-19 program may be approved by particular regulatory authorities, which will depend on myriad factors, including making a determination as to whether the vaccine’s or drug’s benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the vaccine’s or drug’s efficacy and, if approved, whether it will be commercially successful; • decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of a vaccine or drug, including the authorization or approval of products or therapies developed by other companies; • disruptions in the relationships between us and our collaboration partners, clinical trial sites or third-party suppliers, including our relationship with BioNTech; • the risk that other companies may produce superior or competitive products; Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 21 • risks related to the availability of raw materials to manufacture or test any such products; • challenges related to our vaccine’s formulation, dosing schedule and attendant storage, distribution and administration requirements, including risks related to storage and handling after delivery by us; • challenges and risks related to medication errors such as prescribing or dispensing the wrong strength, improper dosing and self-administration errors; • the risk that we may not be able to successfully develop other vaccine formulations, booster doses or potential future annual boosters or re-vaccinations or new variant-based or next generation vaccines or next generation COVID-19 treatments; • the risk that we may not be able to recoup costs associated with our R&D and manufacturing efforts; • risks associated with any changes in the way we approach or provide research funding for the BNT162 program, Paxlovid or any other COVID-19 program; • challenges and risks associated with the pace of our development programs; • the risk that we may not be able to maintain manufacturing capacity or access to logistics or supply channels commensurate with global demand for our COVID-19 products, which would negatively impact our ability to supply our COVID-19 products within the projected time periods; • risks related to our ability to achieve our revenue forecasts for Comirnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines or treatments; • whether and when additional supply or purchase agreements will be reached or existing agreements will be completed or renegotiated; • uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain recommendations from vaccine or treatment advisory or technical committees and other public health authorities and uncertainties regarding the commercial impact of any such recommendations; • pricing and access challenges for such products; • challenges related to public confidence in, or awareness of Comirnaty or Paxlovid, including challenges driven by misinformation or disinformation, access, concerns about clinical data integrity, or prescriber and pharmacy education; • uncertainties around future changes to applicable healthcare policies and guidelines issued by the U.S. federal government in connection with the declared termination of the federal government’s COVID-19 public health emergency as of May 11, 2023; • trade restrictions; • the risk that we may owe third-party royalties or have other claims asserted related to Comirnaty or Paxlovid; and • competitive developments. CLIMATE CHANGE AND SUSTAINABILITY Pfizer is subject to transitional and physical risks related to climate change. Transitional risks include, for example, a disorderly global transition away from fossil fuels that may result in increased energy prices; customer preference for low or no-carbon products; stakeholder pressure to decarbonize assets; or new legal or regulatory requirements that result in new or expanded carbon pricing, taxes, restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, and increased greenhouse gas disclosure and transparency. These risks could increase operating costs, including the cost of our electricity and energy use, or other compliance costs. Physical risks to our operations include water stress and drought; flooding and storm surge; wildfires; extreme temperatures and storms, which could impact pharmaceutical production, increase costs, or disrupt supply chains of medicines for patients. Our supply chain is likely subject to these same transitional and physical risks and would likely pass along any increased costs to us. We do not anticipate that these risks will have a material financial impact to the company in the near term. In June 2022, Pfizer established our fourth consecutive greenhouse gas reduction goal with new near- and long-term targets to achieve the Science Based Target Initiative’s voluntary Net-Zero Standard by 2040. While we are working to develop emission reduction plans to achieve our voluntary climate goals, various factors, including the long time horizons and commercial availability of new technologies to enable the emission reductions, in the time and scale needed, may present inherent risk in our ability to meet these goals. Additionally, success may depend on the actions of governments and third parties and may require, among other things, significant capital investment; research and development; and government policies and incentives to foster innovation and reduce costs of technologies that may not currently exist or be available at scale. Governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations, customers, investors, employees, and other stakeholders are increasingly sensitive to ESG matters, such as equitable access to medicines and vaccines, product quality and safety, diversity, equity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, value chain environmental and social due diligence, corporate governance and transparency, and addressing human capital factors in our operations. In addition, governments and the public expect companies like us to report on our business practices with respect to human rights, responsible sourcing and environmental impact, as well as the actions of our third-party contractors and suppliers around the world. This focus on ESG matters may lead to new expectations or requirements that could result in increased costs associated with research, development, manufacture, or distribution of our products. Our ability to compete could also be affected by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as growing demand for companies to establish validated Net Zero targets or offer more sustainable products. While we strive to improve our ESG performance and meet our voluntary goals, if we do not meet, or are perceived not to meet, our goals or other stakeholder expectations in key ESG areas, we risk negative stakeholder reaction, including from proxy advisory services, as well as damage to our brand and reputation, reduced demand for our products or other negative impacts on our business and operations. While we monitor a broad range of ESG matters, we cannot be certain that we will manage such matters successfully, or that we will successfully meet the expectations of investors, employees, consumers, governments and other stakeholders. MARKET FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR EQUITY AND OTHER INVESTMENTS Changes in the fair value of certain equity investments need to be recognized in net income that may result in increased volatility of our income. For additional information, see Note 4 and the Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk section within MD&A. Our pension benefit obligations and postretirement benefit obligations are subject to volatility from changes in the fair value of equity investments and other investment risk in the assets funding these plans. For additional information, see the Significant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions — Benefit Plans section within MD&A and Note 11 . Pfizer Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 22 COST AND EXPENSE CONTROL AND NONORDINARY EVENTS Growth in costs and expenses, changes in product and geographic mix and the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, internal reorganizations, product withdrawals, recalls and other unusual events that could result from evolving business strategies, evaluation of asset realization and organizational restructuring could adversely affect future results. Such risks and uncertainties include, in particular, our ability to realize the projected benefits of our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, other corporate strategic initiatives and any acquisitions, divestitures or other initiatives, as well as potential disruption of ongoing business. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, GOODWILL AND EQUITY-METHOD INVESTMENTS Our consolidated balance sheet contains significant amounts of intangible assets, including IPR&D and goodwill. For IPR&D assets, the risk of failure is significant, and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield successful products. Our ability to realize value on these significant investments is often contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals and market acceptance. As such, IPR&D assets may become impaired and/or be written off in the future if the associated R&D effort is abandoned or is curtailed. For goodwill, all reporting units can confront events and circumstances that can lead to a goodwill impairment charge such as, among other things, unanticipated competition, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, a significant adverse change in legal matters or in the business climate and/or a failure to replace the contributions of products that lose exclusivity. Our other intangible assets, including developed technology rights and brands, face similar risks for impairment. Our equity-method investments may also be subject to impairment charges that may result from the occurrence of unexpected adverse events or management decisions that impact our estimates of expected cash flows to be generated from these investments. We may recognize impairment charges as a result of a weak economic environment, events related to particular customers or asset types, challenging market conditions or decisions by management. Any such impairment charge of our intangible assets, goodwill and equity-method investments may be significant. For additional details, see the S ignificant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions — Asset Impa irments section within MD&A. CHANGES IN LAWS AND ACCOUNTING STANDARDS Our future results could be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, changes in accounting standards, tax laws and regulations internationally and in the U.S. (including, among other things, the recently enacted IRA, changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, the adoption of global minimum taxation requirements outside the U.S. and potential changes to existing tax law by the current U.S. Presidential administration and Congress), competition laws, privacy laws and environmental laws in the U.S. and other countries. For additional information on changes in tax laws or rates or accounting standards, see the Provision/(Benefit) for Taxes on Income and New Accounting Standards sections within MD&A and Note 1B . 